I see lightning outside. I really don't mind it @ all UNLESS my baby isn't beside me then I'll be depressed. 
I burnt the top of my mouth and it really hurts 
trying out Opera Mobile 9.7b. it keeps locking up my HTC.  #squarespace
@abhiram Yeah, I had also pinged. But my net connection made sure that more than 20 minutes was not possible  Must fix it...
i´m soo bored   the weather is rainy  there´s no sun  and i´m alone in school cuz my BF is ill
@xanister @ 'work' more tired than I should be 
@badmummy ...and then I heard it run away and slam a door behind it 
@AppleSky i misss u hot mess! I havent seen u 
So tired and not even home yet 
Ugh. 3am. No more 5 hour naps for me. I'm never going to get back to sleep! 
@Marcus_Andrews looking at your timestamp, and assuming they played 25-30 minutes, i JUST MISSED THEM 
   wanna go meet wifey but can't....  this sux   :'(
work  im gonna cry.....I WORK TOO MUCH!!!!
things are a little calmer for now.. my heart go out to roommate's family. 
40 weeks and still no baby  why o why wont my labor start im overdue how much longer do i have to wait
@Butterfly_fairi Aww, poor thing.  Hope it all passes soon.
Is drunkenly singing Modest Mouse at the top of her lungs. I wonder if the neighbors will complain... Come home Joey 
Aft finish watching BOF, i got no new drama to watch! 
50 min cardio... I prolly burned 1/4 if the calories I consumed today 
BUT ERGHHHHHHHH I DONT KNOW WHATS HAPPENING 
cant breathe 
But anyway that is time to go to work, still on GPRS  http://twurl.nl/uvwdys weekend will be terrible without 3G
Why games in Portugal cost so much? around 70€ 
@Y2Amber Meanie. Of course I would love some. Please 
My fuckin head hurts  wahhh going home in a mintue
@xchichan you seem so mean at the end  Your brother's so adorable ^0^
Of course the night I'm about to fall alseep at a more decent time, Ryan Reynolds will be on Jimmy Fallon. 
@Z100Portland The Just Like Jonas link isn't working 
Seriously. Still obsessed with this new Dave CD. &lt;3 I wish I was seeing them at Jones Beach. 
landed in SEA, @spincycle3 &amp; I are waiting for luggage continental made us check. have to be in for a meeting by 9:30 am  yuck.
@nekophilia I can't send or receive when you're invisible 
@twitspamorg   thank you.  he's horrid 
@indieconch ha, pre-date. Trying to get ready, just about to leave the house, quick WC break before leaving while listening to tunes 
There was the most incredible sun shower happening here about twenty minutes ago. So heavy &amp; still bright.. Now it's gone to dull drizzle 
going out for dinner 2night with family i havent seen in ages,hoping my cousin will be there.i miss Anastasia 
it is very sad day todays! i cant belive this is happening to me!  its just so sad to see this through,... =(
@SNNotAvailable I can watch it in the middle of a tsunami?! Alice is under my sofa CRYING and I can't get her out. 
Why is my background not workingg? -sad face- 
has already been 2 weeks in Greece but haven't been to the sea at all 
haha got back from doctors I'm OK....got it from guinea pigs though 
@yungceo ur a dork!! seems like ur keepin ur distance  hmmm guess I came too late..lol
is heading to work 
AND I CANT sleep 
@dreana bc @hollywood3115 and @ericisiah just hung up on me i think 
@lasagnaranya me too! Baby we can't end up like that! 
@thepetshopboy heart breaking story indeed 
Only thing I can say to that is sorry! hehehe @AlDelBene Everything IS bigger in Texas... which makes my penis look smaller by comparison 
can't find a mate on my school's intranet. 
I want some orange juice!  Really bad! But where can I get some at 3 AM? 
@Amandatanney Way to go you!! My god! I'm soooo jelly!! 
is off to work and cant believe gotta do 2moro 2!!! 
ok ive applied at a lot of joints and no calls :| wtf.. 
Globe just called me. The woman said that I can't have a free handset yet. I will have it the next few months! 
@Dylian52 How've u been?  I've been crazy busy and gotten no writing done lately... 
Table for one, please? 
im at home TRYINGto asseble this thing 
@spry Looks like I'm going to have to either come to the party or crash somewhere tonight. I left my keys at home 
@shellistevens  Hang in there Shelli. Thinking of you. hugs.
tf2 isn't very far away!! - i'm going to the Midnight session since no aussie premiere 
Thursday already. 
Read that entire article. I don’t really have words for it; it’s really saddening, but yet the girl got her last wish before dying. 
Sea air is most certainly not good for you. Slept about 3hrs total since 2230 
I've tidied upmy room now, and I'm shattered again 
WAtching @chelsealately waiting for Jon &amp; Kate : Separate Lives.... I'm getting sad already 
Drank way to early and missed everything...  Bo i so suck!
i miss going live with my friends  @pianofingerz we should go live that we used to again sometime!!
School now  I swear that all schools are faschist we live in a democracy, but at school we're not allowed to choose what we want to do
I fucking hate my life 
is upset at the litto tiny baby daisy 
Im hard at work!   Lonelyandroid ):
@MsPwety I know but no you left me and went to the room  grrrrrrr
@DJDal only prob is I already pay for mobile broadband and they won't transfer it to iPhone for me so I'd be paying twice  is it any good?
@maryy_ann awwww im sorry that ur day isnt good  that sucks!!!
So much to do, so little time. Half the year is almost gone. 
 Just got extremely (extremely) discouraged about the weightloss crap. Bleh. I hate scales.
can't sleep.  listening to Here We Go Again by @ddlovato seriously.. relates SO good at the moment. love you giiirl (:
@janetanne awwww bb  HBP is coming out soon, it'll be like a belated bday present!
@nathanrdotca Ah. Probably for the best. *hugs* Unfortunately, Creator's  started yelling for me, so I have to go. 
omg im going to be hungover for work tomorrw 
i dont feel like going tuition!  - http://tweet.sg
i lost a follower 
Who's stolen my sun??? 
@Shawna311 yes that's her .. she's deploying next month for the military 
@destinyawakened The idea of having baby scares me sometimes, you know. I mean, I want to have kids....but I don't want babies. 
@ninasplayground just my hub, but I never bother him w/ it cuz he gets little sleep as it is w/ work &amp; school fulltime  so I suffer LOL
tanya, ada orang speedy atau indosat? 125.160.144.1 ke 218.100.27.166 100% packet loss. Tolong benerin dong 
Back in Melbourne 
im high as hell &amp; it made me miss my brotha Dre 
@luketeo i got a position but it's only like: occasional contract work  so back to uni! doing 3d modelling next semester! 
YEAH! rain, rain and... rain. got headache and my voice's gone, my throat is aching, too. damn, weekend's gonna kill me  but... wayyne? ;)
Ugh the last disc of dexter season one is checked out.  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly it is then! Not a bad trade off at all.
thinking XML goin blank... 
I just got the worse migraine! 
 Another day. What a crap life. My nefews father is trying to get back on the scene but hes a wanker. not good. court says he can c nefew
there should be a tweetbar! aka a twitter tool box ;]  I MISS YOU VERYY MUCHO!  ddaammnn
@taylorgese i know right  i feel like ''blank'' doesn't even like me anymore.
Where oh where did ruby go  i feel unsafe now (N)
@chittabug I hope u r doing better now sweetheart. I hate seeing u down and out like u have been feeling lately  I wish I could hug u now
Why? Can't take a screen shot on my #iPhone lol I can do that until this morning 
@richardlai I wish I was there!!!! I have to be in work this morning 
@caroterra123 im gonna TRY to get back on my normal time zone... BUT ITS TOO HARD!  i shall die! hahahah!
@evregirl Sorry that you're feeling ill  You watching the rugby on the telly? #notafanofrugby
iPhone 3G S launch tomorrow, can't go because of cheer 
Read for a widow today.  Her husband came in loud and clear. He had been a marine and exposed to agent orange 
fuck. i was happy then i think about you and feel sad and guilty -.- wtfaigdwmeaml!? 
Vegetables grow too slowly  and slugs move too fast!
@FayeBags lucky you im at work right now  but i hope you had fun!
i seriously want the bold or 8900  idk when ima get it..
Kinda slow day today and tomorrow yet to come. Working Saturdays  oh dear
renovated his resto, only to findout he's been disconnected from the game! I HATE IT! 
dont feel to good  still deciding if i will go out after all  but im still happy 
@mightyvanessa That's no fun  Feel better! I usually use those bean bag thingys that heat up in the microwave when I have a stomach ache.
@MarinaSg awww i just saw it now! i miss you more! 
I'm an hour and a half early for work so gone for breakfast. Dressed wrong today- absolutely freezing!!!! I hate being cold  boooo
@peterfacinelli  im sorry about the bet. If I could follow you 250,000 more times I would
The guy behind me WOULD be snoring 
Rather work with the materials  - http://tweet.sg
@lilitho699bc ya i know 
My dad has come back to Japan, which means I have to go to his office to work  Yeah.....almost everyday. Shit.
@kt108 The ventilator within split in two pieces  Yeah, I'm looking for a better paid job too, but here are too little offers....
@FlexMoney Thanks, but shiiiiiiit if a dude Rob me he gone be practicing! All I got is Mints and Lint in my Pockets! 
I think im getting old... I used to be able to stay up all night but now i cant 
@google_murder  i'm so sorry to hear that...money can't pay back for that guitar though because of it's sentimental value. The song's by..
@WindoftheStars Oh wow!  Are you alright sweets?
OMG LEAVE ME ALONE ...i ask u to go away and i left but u dont get it WTF ... 
Well folks, due to transportation problems I won't deport from Denver until the 27th 
my mouth is on fire,and i have heartburn,thank you hot and spicy chicken 
@phaezen, yeah  very surprized smith, AB and gibbs failed in the same game :/
At below, that always makes me feel like crying  but not in a bad way. Becky's party tonight (Y)
@gerraysaurus waahhh! i totally blame media! they fought and had problems like any other couple...man those kids!!  i hate it.
All right, I'm outta here. On tonight's schedule is the cleaning of my apartment for an inspection. 
@Unusual_Peanut @buffyTVSrox why aren't you posting. you're evil. you want to wait until after I've gone to sleep. 
@I_enigma i completely understand -  shame the world is like that now
@smashxmouth666 I'll miss you too  tonight was sooo &quot;goodie&quot; with everyone though. Looking forward to tomorrow!
last day today  eeeep
Pc hasn't fixed itself. Am accepting that it is utterly dead, will have to get new one. Needed new one anyway, but will miss the old boy. 
I wish i could enjoy my Friday night, I'm willing to come to soccer any other day during the week but not Friday! 
@katyperry bet you have a lot of mannequin's in your life. sigh so do i 
Blocking @googlengoogle it has decided to spam my replies 
Its really depressing 
doesn't feel very well 
Q: God?  A: yes? Q: why? A:  ....................
Damn ! Don't EVER leave your coffee cold. 
@Afiq89 thats so tiring 
Soo_zee let me qet on th computer pleaseeee!! 
A true artist knows how to use anything for art sake, this too shall be used. 
is bored like crap 
@Naughty_Dog Could you DM me a Europeeab code please? All went last night while I was asleep, really want 1 
151 is bad bad bad bad bad 
@Chozn1  LOL...No I didn't go to the G-Unit shoot...it was too nasty today and I had late meetings 
@iamjustbrian  OMG! What Happened??...Is Everything Alright? Hope There Aren´t Too Many Damages... 
@TheEllenShow first show I chouldnt get tickets to 
Just had to have an operation... 
@inkedveggie  patience sucks
great, sick before the big day 
@therealKStarr Hey Kell. Hope your felling better 
Woke up early as fuck 
lmaooooo @starrahlicious ok we exchanged only 1!!!! out of bordem and shame on me 
@marco_cali  ya. The rugby is in dbn. And I'm in @capetown  gonna go watch it at a pub with some mates #fanofrugby
@HelloEli no answer 
Having to catch the bus today instead of cycling to work.. Slightly annoyed as I have to buy a new wheel and pedal set to keep riding 
@Topherocious That makes me sad  I hope the whole FFIV episode isn't lost forever.
I Did A Fan Fic.. But Ruzzy No Like 
@OwenGerrard where are you? Been here (Brighton) 30mins &amp; am 14th 
@CMoz yep. I'm down to my local O2 store this morning. Still on the 2G iPhone = a big upgrade for me! Shame about the 2 yr contract tho 
I need some cheering up  some kind words for me? post em on my blog http://bit.ly/5V7dh
Too cold and sore to fall asleep  wishin it was like 2 weeks ago, cuddled up with @BBexs in her heaven bed.
Got internal and external stitches and its killing me! 
@jemjems01 Egg Custard..??? Errrr!!  Not very nice! You actually like them Jem? ;)
@Kittenbomb yeah i spent an hour trying to get it to work, and i'm not impressed 
@peterfacinelli sorry peter  i hope u win but if not lets hope he goes for the bargain! lol
dammit i missed the end of Biker Build-off  i didnt get to see what chopper won, damn computer...
@HoneyJune long time no tweet @Rohan_01 how cum u dun reply 2 my sms-es 
weeeeell shit, W7RC1 needs 8GB and this partition only has 1.75 left on it...looks like i have to back stuff up after all 
Hungry but nothing to eat really! 
oh...now im so tired...but fuck...i cant sleep guys...what should i do? 
http://bit.ly/12PxFJ  - Don't you miss this time, @Asenk, @quixotes, and @yayi_meirizka? 
@ThEiCyChiLL oh yeah - forgot to pass this news .. the 2nd time meeting fr TTC reunion is on sunday .. im going  ! hw abt u ?
@EllerySweet Haha I wish you could help me at the least  I just cleaned my WHOLE ROOM.. It looked like a disater struck it it was that bad
Nadal may pull out of wimbledon 
watching pirates of the carribean 3...alone  vvwateverrr
@heart_divided yay! aww jo bailed 
@KatieKuddles who's fighting  ?
So irritated. You're probably irritated with me now. Then I'll have no body. 
Been on the road for 7 hours and were still not in LA. And now there is traffic so 4 lanes into 2 lanes, slower trip. Ugggh 
My twitter updates are now shut off. 
Jogging, isn't REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a high fever 
@unclejimmysporn Oh, I'll have to check him out. No room to follow more ppl though 
Using up more of my precious human life fixing IE bugs 
@stephenpearne where are you? I'm 14th in Brighton &amp; have been here 30 mins 
Tivo failed me. Didn't record So You Think You Can Dance instead decided to record an old Grey's Anatomy. Need to change prefs 
Wow, Pixar is awesome. http://bit.ly/5NMvY   Sad.
@peachchild @ai_nante It's just like...the whole atmosphere of the comm has changed. It saddens me greatly 
Trying to wake up refreshed so I can drag myself to work again.. 
I JUST SAW A SHOOTING STAR! Hmm...   so excited I forgot to make a wish
My nans house issss SOLD!! its been theres for, about 30yr I GREW UP there now its gonee.  *TEAR*
This is weird. I'm sleeping in a completely different place. This is only going to make it harder to fall asleep. 
off to work 
My nose is grinding right now 
exam soon  but the rest of today and tonight should be fun 
@hachipuppy I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
Well when I say nothing to do I don't include all the housework 
i'm wide awake with nothing to do.  ugh!
@ImDarkSkin  I'm frustrated cause I'm soooo wde awake!
Good Morning #madrugadores!! I predict another day powered by coffee 
aww..im sorry court 
just spilled water.. ALL over my phone!! Ehhggg! 
@CandissCandi YAY!!! To feeling better....and wifey...and what me do?heehee  Vodka is a cure all...ok maybe just for alckys like me 
@hobosexual WHAT. 
i shouldve took a 4 hour nap! now im not tired &amp; cant fall asleep 
@buelle Not fair! Haven’t had a date since April  screw tonsillitis, I would go anyway!
@babydollniki Homagawd  I can't deal with mess so my room's always tidy. I'm having a mental breakdown cause I need to vaccuum. T_T
Omg why I cannot sleep ?? I need some beauty sleep like asap ! I got a very busy day 2mrw and an early one too !! Need to be up by 6am 
Omg missed emilys concert I thought it was next week noooooo I'm so sorry I really wanted to see that as well. Oh   
@chrismcelligott Happens to me a lot. But my motivation usually comes @ 4am when I can't do anything, heh. I wake up, and it's gone 
OMG boys suck 
is up way too early....can't sleep 
Not feeling well today. Can't I stay home from work? 
has yet to eat anything todayyyy.  http://plurk.com/p/123fic
 my mom just figured out i like oranges. FML
Ew Manny is starting rehab starting Tuesday  Can we extend the 50 game suspension to like, forever?
fight. cry. make up. fight. cry. make up. every single day.  maybe my bf doesn't realize how much I love him... goodnight twitter.
@ChreeesDunn bah! :\ mine wont show up  anyway morning! i bet your dead right now 
Got a headache  Trying to drink as much water as I can. Don't want a headache at the swedish midsummer party tonight
i shouldnt have taken a 4 hour nap! now im not tired &amp; i cant fall asleep 
@aeriagames Yep, I do miss them 
is baking and doing laundry.. did I mention i have to be at work at 7 
@RealOneTreeHill http://twitpic.com/7r25x - Can't wait !!!! i'm excited about brulian… bit missing leyton though 
It's too early 
o crap i think im getting sick nooo 
EVEN IF I DON'T TALK TO YOU, OR YOU THINK I'M A BITCH IN ANY WAY, I LOVE EVERY SINGLE HUSTLER. No fights guys 
Yes I'm failing miserably at falling asleep. Its midnight and I'm still not sleep 
@nerdsrocket I am genuinely disappointed on your behalf. 
has and urge to try out for the role of Wicked Witch of the west for school but i can't sing so I am screwed  plus, i'm scared lol
Drinking with friends at APT but something is miising....or someone 
i'm definitely going home early!  i hope 
@AmbDuckett don't believe it....  what you up to?
Had to cancel horse riding so that I can do Q150 tomorrow  I'd rather ride than play it all TWICE.
@dreana i know  lol lmao
@MaaKain Probably not since we never talk  And idk I think so.
I miss my daddy. 
Tired, oh so tired, after a whole night of tummyache... Feeling better now though, and want to eat. 17 hours with all pain and no food. 
Eating pork-gelatin in jello shots and I feel guilty 
@macaronigirl i has donuts! but how to give them to you? 
@tarynminch lol ur twitter updates are from effing school, and ughh job searching!-school is right around the corner again 
Back kept me awake last night. May need a trip to Chiropractor today. 
now I have silverfish feeding on my precious books 
 this sucks
Seeking answers to unwritten double texts  ??? - it just couldn't get more complicated than this!!!!
Working working working, wish my daughter and son in law would follow me 
You guys are horrible. I can't eat any of that stuff 
still no 3.0 jailbreak  how long am i gonna be left waiting?
@andrewlighten pity they haven't upgraded the iPod Classic firmware...   maybe an iPhone 3GS will come my way...
why does all the good stuff on BBC breakfast come on at 8:45 when I have to leave? I'm missing the wiggles today 
 Im crushed, How could i have been so stupid?... ~!$@M@NTH@ !~
wahaha  can I haz sleep now plz?
worked Final Fling from 10:30am to 1:00am yesterday. Met Master Shortie, the Pigeon Detectives &amp; Basement Jaxx. Now I have a cold. 
Nghh, the one day I can't watch Pops In Seoul on TV: airing times; 6am, 11am, 7pm. I HATE COMMITMENTS. 
Kyle stood me up tonight 
@rhettroberts I'm sick! And at work. And i don't have work to do. 
@j_brown_ why don't you come back to my house? i sleep better when you're with me 
NOOOO! so i just read that O'Malley has officially left Grey's. i for sure thought he'd live for next season  im sad...
Alas, my quest to put the phrase &quot;freaky Jason&quot; at the top of hip phrases has failed   Sorry, Joe.
can't sleep. i miss elle. (she's spending the night at a friend's house for the first time) (might be the last time too. this is awful!) 
Fighting Insomnia... And losing 
Weather here is soooper weird. Yesterday it was very cold. Now it's hot. and I'm wearing long sleeves! 
@O2 your guys in Brighton don't seem to know, 8:03 &amp; still closed  At least they gave us water!
Amaya has the hipcups again! My poor baby, she's moving like crazy don't think she likes having them 
@rob3988 thanks for the apple link rob - still no outlook notes syncing on Office 2007 and iPhone 
Anyone having problem signing into yahoo messenger/pidgin??? 
Ok almost at work  pissed! Them techno junkies are gonna wear me out :S ...o well with great power comes great responsibility..ha!
@mamavpaet I WAS UPSET   Max...really?  I am so annoying with that choice.  I want to write them a note.
God, just see how good we are to alienate our own people. 
Just changed over from windows to a n iMac n none of my old software works oops picked the wrong time to do my web maintenance n trouble 
LOL my cousins JUST asked me and my bro to hang but I can't go - work tomorrow! 
im ill 2day.    
Busy last day in the office: SEO strategies, client PPC, Invoicing, reporting, client calls and some affiliate stuff if I can fit it in 
has a sore throat 
@bobbythomas1 You are so right!  &quot;I cant handle the truth&quot; 
now on twitter,  yeah.... ?......  
after school bff evening I'll miss @nerearoldan there  I wanna see you soon. I love you with all my heart &lt;3. I'm not anything without you
@mattriveraaa ohh cheer up! Hahaha u were reaaal bummed leaving  don't worry. We will be at sf sooner then we can say gfu!
Hmm...don't know whether it's going to rain today or not 
@mattt723 cause people are mean and I'm a cranky puss face 
@ThisCenturyJoel what's wrong 
@emmdotjay the voice recording is good, mms is good, gotta wait for updates from apps before we can use the push facilities though 
@TheRealestCiCi um I'll be back in dc that weekend 
I have a hell of a bitch headache 
mourning the loss of my old mac book.  Things haven't been the same since my old hard drive dies &amp; got replaced 
FRIGGEN TWITTER!! STOP GOING ALL WEIRD LIKE!! argh im sick!! wish i saw the hot tom fletcher look alike 
@youngscolla you should, and nothing chilling. was sick for two days 
Gah wat is it with summer that makes me sad/depressed?! 
libertatea si-a facut subsite porno : http://bit.ly/rFGw3   .banuiesc ca asta e the next level cand vrei sa faci success online 
@coyotetoo Would you believe I'm out of wine? No chocolate either.  Sleep I can do, I think, soon, finally
i have a great blues voice at the mo! but riz said that it is making his eyes hurt 
@dbdean @ManiacD Yeah, about that. #BTUB pub nights are always on the first Friday of the month. Sucks about the clash 
Argh... it kills so much....  And the anesthetic is only just starting to wear off..
@DanielPrimed link 404's for me 
I am pushing the man I love, further and further away, yet I feel unable to be any different. Lobotomy please? 
ii juss cann do thiis anymore 
@itsabeta I saw the second movie somewhere in Manhattan. I say somewhere because I was too drunk to remember the subway ride 
@pikestaff *hug* I'm never quite as good with combat as I am with mut, even counting my awesome swords of pwnage. 
God, just see how good we are at alienating our own people. 
Ugh...so ready for bed...Annie, you're the only one who loves me enough to follow me. How sad  lol
Does't want Kylie to go on her cruise!! i can't talk to her for 10 days!   #fb
I think it was probably a mistake to start playing #WoW again.  It's no fun by yourself. 
i need a new car... and that’s not me just saying it.. i actually need one 
is soo tired from a LONG day...  My feet hurt too!!!     Nighty Nighty for ME!!!
want to get out of this place...dont know what is pulling me back... i wonder... 
boys make girls cry. end of storyyyy 
@demiswissfan true...  there were just way too few people signed up - 27! not enough BY FAR! but there's still gona be the movie though...
@KittBo I've only ever had it from frozen  Jamie O says it should be tender once simmered 20 minutes. Must try with fresh!
@JULZAAYY I don't think there are any seats left  You should've told me that you wanted to go, I could've hooked you up.
@_melcar i'm sorry, i thought you left!  @ariannasap well, tell jizz to put em up.
OT tonight! 
hmmm work soon sooo tired and feel sick and also hungry but cant eat coz sick arggg and raining so gonnu be fucking heaps busy 
 i just had a bad dream and now i'm afraid to go back to sleep. 
I want a new Mac 
Tired from a day of cleaning and make up with no sales 
@MellyFed So exicted about going out to dinner, though i just picked up a shift  after 9.30pm til 3am gay 
@esloof Great product, bad presenter 
is sad that today he has to say good bye to his crazy gay but very faithful dog 
@robbiehiltonx mmm ghurl i be saying that! lol. ughh im in such a bad mood 
@sishizaki I'm at work so I cannot hang too long 
My feet are cold as  and im so bored, wish i had credit.
dont know what im doing 
Tweetimg shall shortly b over..almost there  wounder if I'll get lunch 2day...and what time will I be able to leave? :s o maaaaannnnnnnnnn
im really cant find it. google wont help me. 
I can't mother fucking sleep. I feel horrible and there's no way to get ahold of goddamned Colin. 
revamping network in the office..one meeting after the another 
@rahmin come on man. I wanted to learn beginner guitar too... 
@BigZero ouch, that sucks 
@ShannRawrr Well boo. No fair.  hahaa! And good lmao.
its approaching father's day... i hate my dad. 
But what can you do. 
Wish I was a DTF with my friends 
Staying up late to get some projects done! Finally getting into WP 2.8 a bit more - so far no luck upgrading ecommerce plugin on 1 site 
@Brutus626 no I don't  I wish!
Oh em gee....wide awake and hella tired but ii cant sleep 
loosing followers is very sad 
@Topherocious 
@tammygamble think im getting one of the new hp's. macs are way too overpriced; 1400 plus another 400-500 for software/extended warranty 
@BlaqueBeautiful yeah it is a strong word dont hate him but really dislike him 2the highest level 
has no other choice but to pull an all nighter 
last day in bangkok  ... i have gay ass english assignment to do
@Templesmith Awful, poor girl.  Also, reporter got details wrong. &quot;Loa&quot; are the spirits revered in Vodoun, not a ritual.
is loving her creations! Queen of the Whole Universe, here I come! Work time now 
Sleep has won because I'm not feeling well  can't stop sneezing and my head hurts, night tweeps
is a terrible twitterer 
@ukv1290 Was good but still tired, need to go back. You?  x
its 3am, and i cant sleep...this sucks 
Damnit, the storms missed my area tonight. 
@MillyAye it wont stop raining here in Perth the wind is freezing too 
@EllerySweet  know what you mean :9 I let it slip so bad! I need a vaccuum too 
@ummgeri i didnt even see you today  and you were all blah blah im gonna be out of school blah BAWL
I can't sleep, this freakin' SUCKS! 
Just saw Year One. I really wanted to like it. All the funny parts were in the trailer 
i miss my boyfriend and someday husband 
the owner of tiny's subs on camp plenty just died 
@serenade13 Who do you miss? 
Going to school now  Still no 3.0 jailbreak.
iPod touch tweetie not loading any tweets from search/trends always &quot;no status found with that ID&quot; 
@arthursays I was so wrong............... 
Damn, had to ditch the OS run 2night. Wish it wasn't in the middle of the night. All I can do is tweet bout it. 
CAN'T BE POOED TO GO TO SCHOOL 
The new iPhone is out but gotta wait until October  damn you 18-month contracts!!
Isn't getting a re-do of her english oral  6.5 it is then!
I stop this and i wish u can talk to me ..And we can be ok again  imm leave u alone it till u r ok at less but i do worrie about u tho
Upset + cold 
dear everybody, i feel empty inside  bestfriend please come back?
@ShortlistMag missed yesterdays shortlist - rubbish  x
@danielleward  snickers and bud lite = death? you know where to send your stuff.
ahhh sorrrryyyy for all the unanswered phone calls/text!!! i left my phone at home all day 
Maggie just drove most of the way home before she remembered she doesn't live there anymore.  .
@saucybirdshop Me too...I had to change the channel during that Milli Vanilli-eque performance and missed the end (results)  
@starrahlicious so that was joke right? 
@YesItsTiffany haha release that tension!  pop it in pop it out, repeat! Haha work at 4am  sleepy time nighty night!
Joel is in!!! But is leaving soon... 
@ondubuu Key's breasts are only for Jonghyun, sry2say 
@CARISSA__ uuuugh! I strongly dislike PETA.  they are bad! Not good! :[
Im gonna make those smores by myself...how sad... 
&amp;&amp; there's a mosquito in my room! 
Someone in the bathroom #fail 
I cant find my phone!!!!!! 
I'm riding this morning.  Looks a bit breezy out though, hopefully Orla won't be too spooked by it! Not up for another mad bolt!! 
@Alexxanator oh yea. sorry. couldnt go on  amy stole the computer 
Ugh, my first built-from-scratch house in The Sims 3 was a miserable, eyesore of a failure.   §124,000 simoleons down the drain.  
soooo tired but i can't get back to sleep  too.early
Just got back from basketball training my coach is the biggest twat 
@Th3eBaDoN3 don't leave me BaBy 
@shatilaaa iya nih tila, gw stress 
#inaperfectworld i would have time for everything and everyone i love. 
My brother's iTouch has wifi! Of course I can only use it when he's asleep 
says i mis u wit ds day dt gos by.  http://plurk.com/p/123hcp
Sad he IS a badness  I guess no phone time tonight. Lol oh well.
FF is getting crashed when I try to print an e-ticket in irctc  #Fail
Ugh, awake and sick 
The Reid family's little Rosie cat passed away and I miss her terribly 
@hobosexual  I will cry with you.
Slept well, but woke up with a headache (no, not a hangover ;)). That's not a good start of the day 
I miss my Pare!  &gt;&lt; Get well soon boogs. I effin miss you. &gt;&lt;
I may have to hurt someone on Saturday.  I'm not normally the person that does these things, but i've come to become responsible.
http://twitpic.com/7s7kg - ....I kinda, maybe miss my long hair 
almost fainted  i dont feel so good...
@nicolecwomack I'm allergic to mangoes, break my face out in little blisters, if you get a rash, stop eating them! lol -I love them too 
ugh. my arms and wrist hurt whenever I use the keyboard. Stupid Warcraft Argent Tournament! 
@januaryseraph  Hope you feel better
Goodnight!! Tonight was fun! I'm soooo glad i go to see my big sis!! Tomorrow is my last day at the beach 
last day in France 
Writing an e-mail to my bro! Haven't seen him since last Christmas 
whoa dude prom night is scaring me. 
It's wrong to want him back, but I do. 
@avb252 no where  planning to go with friends doang, and family pada sibuk
@Swirrely Clean up on isle 3! Sorry to hear that Squirrel.. i know that doesnt help your headache at all 
::: Lack off sugar  ::: http://myloc.me/4qi7
My heart is racing so fast...   this sucks
@ai_nante That's what I thought. Makes me sad 
@phatfabes I also wan ler... But stella would be to scared to watch 
Is gonna get his bike out and wait for Dan. Tim and max are not biking today 
I hate days like this. So I am going to go to be, and wake up tomorrow... and most likely do it again. 
@rebelgrrrli awww, that about broke my heart, the poor thing! I really feel for your friend, I've been there 
taking care of some admin stuff 
Had a great night out last night, but now has the flu! 
@EllaPaigeBabe hey there's no homeparty anymore anyways  I'll write you guys an email today!! LOVE YOU!
@nihonmama I know  it has made the rounds.  sick fcukers
I hate days like this. So I am going to go to bed, and wake up tomorrow... and most likely do it again. 
Happy Belated Birthday to our very own SHANNON MARIE!!!... Sorry for the late wishes  .... Doesn't mean we love you any less though! ; )
haha Goodnight!! Tonight was fun! I'm soooo glad i go to see my big sis!! Tomorrow is my last day at the beach  http://tinyurl.com/ng9pq7
Stunning Defeat - I (2244) was beaten by DRYBSA (1844) 
@mzh3llokitty he dnt wna go im tryn to be guy free  wait r we home wth.
Getting in the car to go to school 
i want to remain in bed forever! *yaaaawwnnnn* 
Cleaned out beach bag. Now bed all sandy 
just woke. I'm ill.I have the flu  
@GabbieeRrr I agree! .. I woke up at 5.30 this morning .. i was like Arghhhh 
at marissa's. maggie's going away party in the morning. 
Free concert tomorrow but I have no one to go with  http://tinyurl.com/mjve7d Curse the fact that I don't yet ... - http://bkite.com/08EXU
@30SECONDSTOMARS It's a wonderful sky...it's ok  to go to the sea...but I'm at my office!  
@TalyaGoldberg Not sad at all! I've read less than that...  Better up my game!
Aaaarhh! Slept in this morning. Late for work and hubby mad at me 
friday night and no 1 to go party wit im a loner in my own country 
got up bout 1 hour ago....waiting for skool     nd watching Gmtv...fun fun fun
@evanandrews I bet it is, haha. I've been there a couple times, but I never got to really explore the city. 
In the words of Imogen Heap........... Is that your final answer? 
Getting ready to pass out.   I hate sleeping alone 
@Dazzledust25 coolies!its not fair that in the US they get discounts and we dont 
i hate Western Australia and their stupid powercuts everytime a lil bad weather hits!!!!!... bad weather i mean rain!! soo pathetic lol 
GSS = dissapointing...everything i bought was R.P 
#NAME?
http://twitpic.com/7s7mc I want this.!!!!!! too bad they didnt have my size 8 
I guess I will try to go to sleep now even though I havent heard from @DonnieWahlberg  Oh well, Twugs, Twisses, Goodnite &amp; Sweet Dreams!
@wanderingitaly Sounds like you're going out on a bang! Say &quot;Hi!&quot; to la LuniG; we won't see her again until September 
damn havnt been skating in so long  damn busy schedule.
goen to bed now... soo burnt!  gotta be at aspen at 10... getting my physical fitness on... gotta get skinny 4 LA lol
Time to move on 
youre dissapointing me usa.. the world cup better not be like this. 
@christinastrain It definitely finished too cleanly...They were trying to hard to have you not want more 
fuc..ing Thursday .... I'm so tired 
@marissa_gTDk Im taking nursing classes.. and i have to practice shots  my arms are bruised 
F1 is Broken  http://bit.ly/140yn2 @ashjohn997  &amp;BBC Radio 5Live's David Croft on the #f1 crisis http://bit.ly/J2LgS @blickbuster  #f1
any news when that crunchpad is coming out....   i really don't want to get a netbook. 
@DDUBzLveableLeo @gold1989 Just did news search and saw!  Good for him!  HIs brother could have had one too if he &amp; mgmt had cooperated. 
@Princess_Banana You never responded to my at reply. Why were you in the hospital? 
Tired after a long high heels day at work 
Wrapping up 2 client galleries 2nite, &amp; commercial files &amp; 3rd client gallery due Sat. Another long nite ahead 
not well  had a heat stroke.......
@Tamm Just seen about your hubby  Wishing him all the best and a speedy recovery *hugs*
In naughty mood   But no victims 
I'm sleepy.  And he still hasn't called. Cue in the damn song. Bilal- When Will You Call
omg!!!!!!! its summer yay!!! but then again im sad  today was my last day at middle school
Not much going on in the world of Sarah today 
@bbree I won't be performing that magic trick at CotF after all. It arrived with a piece missing &amp; the replacement they sent was broken! 
@Kenny_Wallace oh no! I hate that...stupid flats  Good luck this weekend Herm!
Having trouble to start today 
no no no why is she coming 
@backstreetboys idk about europe but minnesota sure does! 
adong just left for seattle 
I'm so tired but I can't sleep!! 
Ever since i worked that freaking midnight my sleeping schedule has been so off.  #fb.
hic adnet đã từ chối quảng cáo trên website của mình 
@IljaCoolen I know..... 
fucking assignments!!!   so totally stressed out, pree much in tears THANKS TEACHEERS had 6 assignments due in the past 2 daays 
@AthenaTheGreat Thanks for the followfriday! Had no replies to my emails about the premiere  I'm thinking that maybe there isn't one 
@lkutner my contract isn't up til Jan 
why am i still awake?!?!?!?!  ... gonna start cryin soon...
home! had real trouble staying awake today. going to fix myself a sandwich before i worry about all the work i have to do this weekend 
@ceruleanceladon yeah, finally it works! but my account still doesn't exist on search machine! aaargh! got stress ! 
@BasilLeaf An update (@tweetie) was submitted to apple on the 16th, I believe. Hasn't been approved. 
im trying so hard to work on my trust issues ~sighs~ 
I forgot my #squarespace yesterday 
@rainerafael wow Ate Raine. it'll sure be an exciting assembly. i really wish i could go. too bad i can't. 
cut my haircut. the guy cut it shorter than i was expecting him to... sadface 
@alycekeli alyce you killed our italk 
Phones pretty much dying permanently. Gas was stolen and spent the last bit of money on re ride home. Empty tank, I want to see my lovess 
Putting mother nature to good use! Man i'm baked  goodnight twitter and world.
I need the illest back rub. 
In Seattle for a day. Filled with client meetings and presentations. Back on the red eye to NY Friday night. Shortened weekend for me 
@J4D3sayshay lol. well. i need more shoes. and i wasnt able to get any  it was sad. there were so many... and i couldnt get them! :-O
@gautamsasi hmmm...yaa..   so ur clg reopening on 6th july too??
my phone can't access to the mobile web for now  awww...
Breast cancer blood test monday. 
I didn't even get to see u dance 
tonight was deffinitely a good night ^__^ other than my fishy dying  but I can't wait for Saturday ! :]&lt;3
my figers are hurting from so much guitaring 
@MeriSielu: hei! if your awake you should text me, i cant sleep!  lol
@littleroc i walked jen to her car, came back and you were GONE. i miss you already 
@birbrilo coffee still sucks though 
We don't have the &quot;Cough &amp; Cold&quot; Robitussin  I guess I'll have to take the &quot;Congestion&quot; one...
@djnycesf a damn leeadership conference, I wanna go home 
no one wants to fix my air condition on Friday 
@EAChristian  And we have to work again tomorrow  at least we work together
sun out guess what i gotta go work 
my tummy hurts 
@aaroncarter7 #AC Aaron do you always ignore your male fans? 
too bad Norman Sophie died  that sucks
would rather draw than be tired right now 
up to work  i'm glad tomorrow is saturday lol
@ladyleolove nah no nerves hit,seems ur trying to hve a battle of the witts with me, I'd love to keep going all nite, bt ur unarm'd 
wow...i knew this day would come i just didnt kno how i was gonna react...just so shocked and sad 
Fuck man...get a new tube     that sux
@tiffernay i just saw your comment about your moving out july 7/8!?!? i've been on my desktop and don't have twitterfox/tweetdeck up!! 
@tommcfly i know how you fel when you get ill all the time...i do to  and im on stage tonight and tomorow! you keep me going though xxxxxx
whyyyy can't I ever sleeeeep 
@pussitat I miss yoooou 
*my fingers are hurting from so much guitaring 
Last Exam today !!! Exciting stuff but i need to do it first  and after ? I don't really wanna know what's gonna happen after 
My right eye is blurry 
@bELLEcompliquee Yeah, that always sucks when it's completely out of your control.  I'm sorry. 
i am laying in my bed with my heart beat in my leg! talking to g! &lt;3     my leg hurts):
I need a new life 
@gmtvbikinidiet Really pleased for Rachel - wish I could have some early results too! 
How many times have you eaten today? I know I was so out of it. Javier could have totally tooken advantage of me  ha ha!
Bummed that I will miss @amandapalmer play the Union Chapel. What an amazing venue - and only a 5 min walk from my house! 
@mversion at least your doing overtime on a friday. I got to work on a saturday 
Anybody manage to get @MLB #atbat live streaming working in the uk last night? Kept failing at the blackout check for me 
laying in bed. staring at the ceiling. wishing i was in my own bed, at my house with my kitties. 
a new adventure with Jen and Fiia! Should be fun, though no twittering for 2 days 
im not gonna front these bitches about to get all my money 
just about to leave for school  all my boring lessons are today so friday isnt my favourite day of the week
ugh why am i up at this ridiculous hour  have to do it all again tonight ha
wants to stay in bed 
its literally impossible to fall asleep before 12. I'm so nervous for tmrw. I rly HATE tackiness and it saddens me to be associated w/ it 
@_problematique i out a sheriff badge on my purse for the day. it just doesn't feel right wearing one without you. 
@dougoftheabaci already had them :S And overdosed on them last night aswell 
@sjsluvsols can't believe A's lost 
I suck, i'm a monster. My boyfriend and i just had a talk, and we are breaking up at the end of summer!  i have god.   {LOVE GOOFY}
bye graceee 
@ninasplayground I typically do nap when they do cuz this has been going on nearly a month, but today I didn't   figures LOL!
I wish it wasn't Friday... It means Leah's leaving today 
@do0dlebugdebz yess.because they just granted a dying girl her last wish.Pixar is awesome.im gonna cry now 
im starting to really miss talking to my gf at night 
@stewwatson yeah man  I've seen official news Told ya!
My car got a flat tire 
@consonant Good luck! I didn't think the economy would be that bad when I graduated, but it is 
hi @sexyindia im a fan of urs i have some of ur vids to bad i cant watch dem im fasting 
Blocked nose and headache is one of the worst situation 
on my way to work 
@NixiePixel I wish I could.... stop procrastinating. But I can't. 
Met Frodo's seldom mentioned athletic brother this morning: Umbro. He left to seek fame as an athlete but always lost out to the elves... 
better avoid malls these days, unless i cud empty my savings and cancel my bali trip this august 
@SandiMon you're twitter is playing up again?    I just use it through the web cos I'm old skool like that.
Home from work, Friday arvo, kicking back. But working tomorrow 7am and Sunday 3pm. Roster fail   All good for Monday's Tech Talk though.
Forget my last tweet. Its not funny anymore cause I messed up &amp; can't delete tweets using my phone 
@NathanFillion If only I could smell them from my front door 
@30SECONDSTOMARS It is clouded  And how does it look at ur place?
im randomly typing rubbish coz im bored , whee. @andreakaveta , your my only bud 
nooo!!! boss on the way back 
Otw back to ofc...macet  tnyata gini toh keadaan jln di siang hari (biasa ngerem d ktr sih) 
I'm embarrassed to admit how much Mandy &amp; I are into So You Think You Can Dance.  Poor Max.  
@starvin Cali's great! Been some moving drama, but the actual state if fantastic! Gotta be lonely with Paige and Willie off in Vegas... 
@Chassit  why don't they shut down the  internet completely, would be more efficient 
@derekrobertson not raining yet, but its in the post 
The bird is still there. Trying to entice it out with light and water and bird seed. Silly thing won't come out. And it woke me at 5.50. 
Wish would have been there in d lakers parade. 
@lyptis their scales could have been out, it's happened to me before, that seems way too much fran 
woke up with a stomach ache 
@cathch no ♥ more,boooo! 
@dnyevrtng oh, that sucks!!  
Ugh. So tired but i dont want to go to bed have funeral stuff all day tomorow, well today... Anyways it will be sad. 
@sheilajennings let me know how year one is. Reviews haven't been good 
@Lhriangel I yelled when Gilmore girls ended 
@LmfaoJENN not nice  ... plus im only 3 inches tall, so it would be hard for you to even see me dance
G2g to school now 
Heat from the early morning  I just have to make it through today somehow. And then three days of cooldown + Monday off! Delightful.
http://bit.ly/ZQ3VK  - The prospect of Sophie Ellis Bextor flopping with Heartbreak is rather sad, isn't it? 
@taylagoldberg I also only made 15 
better avoid malls these days, or i cud empty my savings and cancel my bali trip this august 
@DhirahOhOh what telah happen 
missing ASIA, MARY, and ROSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@tamij Sorry, didn't mean to cut in front of you for tomorrow's show info.  #hhrs
This line reminds me of space mountain 
My Tummy Hurtssss 
Haven't had a good week this week  feel very low, like i'm losing the plot!!!
I feel like a beached whale still 
@DeLanaHarvick oh no  I hope you get some sleep. I'm bad about staying up late especially when I don't have to work the next day(like now)
okay so i have no computer atm so... no forum awards for a bit 
Not fair, the Dry July team has overtaken Kinetics on the fundraising league.  
HI HO! HI HO! It's off to work I go....damnit, want to watch the #F1 practice today. 
@chillybreck I'm good thanks, been soo busy not had a min to tweet. Hardly anyone I know on here now 
Just sent my poor macbook for repair 
Super bored  i think its time for bed! Goodnight world
@brynnlovesyou hahah oh brynn. we are nt going to see eachother til likejuly 11... 
Dear coffee, I will never drink u at night time again!! 
@CiNicole was in the club and didn't even speak.  Where they do that at?????
Dead bunny  ahh
Man i messed up my nail polish! 
#inaperfectwould we would have 200 followers. help us out  plz
@peterfacinelli I wish u win this bet but... I don't think u will  maby write to twitter and propose something or maby just bribe them lol
F1 teams announce breakaway championship in 2010   http://bit.ly/oZC43
My head  I'm never as bad as this - and its work today 
@svinge So, I did it! I went &amp; bought a PRE today &amp; a Mi-Fi Data Card! Problem is, NONE OF THE SHIT WORKS. Cant even activate. So bummed 
I disagree.  http://bit.ly/mWlWx
id say all in all the bday was successful.. minus losing my cell phone  its either still in the cab or stolen so im phoneless for now
@xoBrittneeB please come home 
You know you from Philly or the surrounding area when you dont say &quot;Boy&quot;, you say &quot;BOL&quot;. lol I left MD before I could learn slang. 
@hearmecrow i need to see you more! Why does california have to be sooo far away? makes me sad... 
am tiredddddd got to go to school in like 5 minutes. 
Awww, the final issue was 2006. 
@frostbytez hey man, not yet  waiting for some disposable income. probably going for HTC Magic, android looks sweet
@tweetdeck great App for the iPhone but it crashed everything 4 to 5 minutes!  
haha wow i believe i just got dumped.boys suck 
I think the life of my blackberry is done. Cracked screen, missing back piece, charger hole falling apart. But I love it 
wants him to take meds for his depression but apparently he's too &quot;badass&quot; guys and their ways..  i just don't want him to kil himself..
@Mollzy sorry I didn't see it  Message Jillian and Ill explain
Has put on 2 lbs! Not happy! 
Show me you still care. 
it's 3:17am and i'm Awake...   i have to sleep
spicy korean  bbq + beer =       ps   pooping now.
i was jerking and i cum in my own eye and dah shit burn me 
@kittkittridge oh my  gosh thats sooooo long! 
I'm in pain. I want to sleep. my body won't let me 
Geez. @xZullyZombiex's bed was dirty. Had to clean it myself. // Guess I'm singing by myself tonight. 
I miss ya 2 Babe  cant w8 4 you to come home.i miss your smile so much
This hasn't worked right for me all day. And I probably won't be getting my new iPhone in 5 hours  I guess I'll just have to cut someone!!
damn why am I not sleep yet I'm going to be tired as hell 2morrow......and I'm hungry on top of that 
No new iPhone 3G S for me - declined credit for second contract as self employed and can't buy out existing one in-store 
mums a dick  came storming into my room turned the light on as bright as it goes and wakes me up. I couldn't even see. now can't sleep 
@bunnyboo786 leavin on saturday for paris... sorry lovely 
Gah.. Finding nice cars anywhere near you is almost impossible, I need a miracle 
in love with someone yet he has no idea 
@JasonBradbury where are you getting it from? I'm worried Carphone won't have it on PAYG 
Hi all followers. Today involves flu. Fun  Must get better for my weekend of carnage coming up. I feel weak!
ugh, so disappointed in my hair right now.... it doesn't even look like i did anything to it &gt; 
nooo im going home 2day 
I burnt my popcorn. 
working later. fucking fucking lazy!! i wanna go out &amp; meet my mates 
Scuene exam today 
Finnished my jobs and they still want me to hang around for possible hospital deliverys 
Wish I was still cuddling 
not that nice weather..  what about you?! where are you and how's your weather?!  tweet me!!
@MarkyBlackburn  sad I missed the festivities tonight
Almost crying - parental part time is over - back in my 100% job working also on fridays 
@Gardenwiseguy just at church  would like to play a lot more!!!!
Peak hour traffic and buses make me sad #inthepants 
...............bored at work today 
unfollow me my friends: I'm infected!! F-Secure bourine pour me soigner 
@crystalcandice agreed 
my jaw is so sore i feel like crying 
@alumtweet Diamond Bar High School isn't on there 
@KatieSmiles131 i have pickles. but i dont think i have any chocolate. 
just missed a bus  and there is a creepy drunk getting sick at the bus stop ...
i'm so tired, and frustrated. my favorite headphones i've ever had just broke, and now i have to listen to really shitty ones. 
My iPhone headphones have turned to rubbish… yes rubbish. Should I listen to yucky echo-eee-ness sounds or tram commuters… 
@hexenwulf that SUCKS about no Friday the Jaredteenth    lol
@kev0hkev i do too  dont be too down on yourself cause im sure the exact cause will reveal itself. i say just sleep it off lol
wishing i was feeling better, would love to go see @rubyrose1  kicking myself for having wisdom teeth pulled yesterday grrr
Ehh, the bottom of my pants are wet from being outside in the rain. 
Why so quiet tweeters? Im ready to chat and there's nothing but silence. Sad 
• i think im going to cry...everyday i forget to turn of the stupid alarm...so loud... 
@abadgolfer lol lol lol! Nerd is right. We had a cop follow us home  I think we both peed a little...
@GiulianaRancic OMG, after they exposed their 8 kids to the whole world, they might be divorced..? poor kids 
I want to go home! 
@yliesan sameeeeee  maybe cuz the weather's really hot
SJ Unified to increase class size K-2 from 20 to 30.  Won't affect Ethan but seriously?  What a pathetic situation we are in 
Misses her fiance a lot 
@DarrenRoberts good thanks, apart from having to go to work today (on overtime)   Ah well.  What are spurrious sports then????
@blueberryathome no coffee then?  meany!
@Jordankinght Very upset sydney show cancelld..Been waiting since i was a lttle girl! Got front seats  hope you come back ! tk care
@mayps55 aha i know i just say it too piss off brianna cause shes been being mean to me mommy april  tell her to be nice
My sweet little baby has two more teeth coming in and wants nothing but Mommy!      I Iove the hugs but hate the thought of her in pain 
wow... I need to recharge and try again  FAIL!
wisdom teeth out tomorrow  so scared. i cant even brush my teeth in the morning! i'm too young to die!
its really cold  going to go see year one with ally tomorrow, i'm pretty excited!
My hair is like a bush 
@jelleybean13 omg me too.. she died that same day she saw the movie 
Think I may have missed @amandapalmer tickets. In LONDON. Boo 
@xandiee I've never tried them 
Wsup tonight? Nothing is crackin. Wasting a Thursday of summer 
itunes shuffle, you were so perfect before, playing all brighten. what happened? 
@brokensadly don't forget your camera or i'll be a very saaaaad little girl. 
just found out my phone doesnt support looped BOO 
@peterfacinelli hmmm, where are the millions of fanpires?  I thought u'll get at least 100000
Why do I feel so guilty about killing ants in my kitchen? They don't pay rent... 
with these kind of power cuts  i need a NOT gate before the main power supply. at least the duty cycle will improve.  
oh fuck my life i missed the anon post 
@Aniekie He sort of caved. Still wont tweet anything. 
@OMGitsLexi Baby why are you unhappy. 
-mum walks into door- Jerram: MUM YOU FAIL LOLOLOLOLOL! Mum:  Why don;t you love me anymore?
Made a couple of tough deletions from  MySpace tonight.   I know that doesn't SOUND very dire haha, but it can be significant these days.
@thedirtyblonde   no really      no more  !!! #damntikibar
It's time to go to sleep I feel so stress my back hurts  sad ... But now I have some vacations to relax wohoo 
@tigerlizzie wow, it sucked. Mexicos pollution, dust, elevation and my allergies almost did me in. Im back home now. Miss Mexico though.  
@arielespadas you don't even know how terrified i am of having a &quot;job&quot; 
I hate when I can't sleep  just laying here in the dark thinking of stuff
Hasn't gone to bed yet.. 
Morning world, still feel like poo! But going back to work today 
into day 2 of headache 
Its rainin  me no like the rain
@doriixcore I'll miss you so muchhhhhhh 
Morning, feel like Ive been hit by truck.hate working 12hr shifts 
I WAS REALLY hungry but I can't finish my lunch at all. It's not even half eaten. 
@siddharth_ind @msnarain guys somehow the link isnt working here  #buzz140
i want 10 more followers 
Moving put day  ByeBye House, you were a very good house, its not you its me
@annapascoe it looks like it is going to be a lot colder up there!  I'm en route now. See you later.
omg, i hate sneezing every 2 seconds! 
@Christyxcore we don't have an IMAX theatre in Ridgecrest 
I hate being up at regular school time!!! There is a high chance I will fall asleep in double history first! 
W0rst p0sible myt 0f my life!  i l0ve u s0o much! dn0 w0t i wud d0 n b wit0ut u! &lt;3
dammit. I was gonna say something cool for my 400 update, but tinychat autotweeted me 
@treehugger14 yeah i know 
@OracleBG ..........  That's okay.  I understand.
#inaperfectworld I'd move to puertorico &amp; live there for the rest of my life. I have to go back there. I miss my family down there  &lt;33
@JasonBradbury not fare I want one debut have 10 month left on my contract 
Im really sick  This sucks !
all pretty ready to go out..feeeling a bit better but still would rather be staying at home all warm 
Moving out day  ByeBye House, you were a very good house, its not you its me
wanna enjoy the british F1 . .  but tickets too too expensive.
@oyComics For a few seconds, my copy didn't work   It seemed pretty great though.
i cant sleep. 
Definitely not enough hours in a day. Been awake for 17 hrs, been in front of a computer for 15 of them 
should stop tweeting using her phone...Related:I need to pay my maxis bill 
Wish he was still here 
WHO STOLE MY FLIPPING SHOES?!?!?  i want them back (they were my favourite)
Ali referred to me as &quot;Little Egg&quot; whilst partaking in drinks at the Largo. Adorable. Tomorrow: the Saab's final day 
Woke up feeling a lot worse than I did when I went to sleep 
Can't believe its my bday already! Kinda bummed that I'm like officially old tho. 23 just sounds shitty  2mrrw should be dope tho..
Hmmm the new iPhone 3GS - out today in UK - do I or don't I?  Life is full of tough decisions  
@officialTila Why did you have to go to jail? 
@Bauske you shouldn't perfect at such a bad band 
Just heard a national disabled parking permit has been proposed to stop parking cheats. Sounds like some genuine people could miss out 
lol thats goodd =] haha... i willll i guess... lol lucky us about tomorrowww     
@SharPhoe Whoops NVM.  Just saw that update: I found the same thread. Wound up reporting quite a few people  I hate to report users...
Yeah I'm home, and I scored 2 goals playing soccer today. Sorry Luke ;P Oh and a fully broke my ankle so Im screwed for work tomorrow  x
@Jimmy_Saunders  doubt it, friday is my busiest day of the week. I will be sat in the garden listening to the racing mainly.
@marclujares: I KNOW!! I'm HEATED. I saw u taking a pic w/ Dennis when I was in line getting a drink and never saw you again after that 
Hmm I got the feeling I'm getting sick 
gone to work 
@peterfacinelli Oh good Lord!  Twitter is the joke, not the election.  I am sorry for you that people don't understand that. 
Oh god there are too many films out at the moment not fair 
It started with fixing a not so simple bug, and I end up cleaning up code.  At least I remove these 2*O(n) abuse.
@LeBeatz lol wow what a ploy on my good heart.  I'm disappointed. No luv.
Had to get up at a ridiculous hour to straighten my sister's hair. Not cool 
@b2_yafavfatboy  cus u dont talk to me  
is home. minus phone 
@LILOWE55 I just moved to LA about 8-9 months ago....Aww boo we should have meet before then 
@CHRISDJMOYLES my name is also Jo Harland! I got excited for a sec and thought you were talking about me. Then I realised it wasn't 
vivement que j'ai mon iphone, twitter sur mon wm c'est chiant 
I rly need a computer in my room so I can participate with chats and such...mobile stickam only lets you watch the main screen not chat 
@TheLadyJane Mmmmm, cookies *gimme* Am on my way  Thank Cruncjie it's Friday
@Zanettie olo  to the roof not the outlaw
@sevfurneaux Looks lovely down there! Pishing it down here as usual 
How I feel read my lips because I'm so over-so over it!!! Yes, allergies-Im speaking of u!!!!! 
Today is the third anniversary of the signing of my tenancy agreement for my flat! How time flies. Still haven't had a housewarming tho 
Poor Sasha quietly coughing up a lung in here!  Shame man!!
My face is on fire  I think I got burnt from swimming, gaaaaaay!
@the_dudefather I used to have nightmares about this ghost monk that was in one episode 
@fatbellybella Yeah it does.  And costs too much.  Defeats the purpose. Its not the same 
@SamGuevara lol my phone service is so bad I have to hold my phone in the air 
I feel like barfing  can't i just sleep through the night any more?
@carolyn  i stalled
@vicderbyshire I'm bored of the story already! 
@dragonbirdy lol - it does get through em a bit more than normal. But I do thrape it! Actually I do remember them saying I need 2 new 
if you have a tent going to waste i have a friend who needs a roof over his head  Thanks.
D?i qua 360plus hơn có 1 tuần mà toàn message từ vài tay con buôn, chán không thèm vào 
Coldest day in the office and I forgot my jacket. Am going to freeze to death 
doesn't understand...it hurts to be hated so much...btw, don't let the glow die girlie...hope you don't hate me too  night all
@thyROMEO Thats what i thought.  man.. Me and my friend wanted to go see her but was not sure if it was the same one. Text me foo.. No ...
back from the hairstylist with some bad news 
and i dont want to go out today i wanna stay in cause its windy and cold 
Another  struggle to get out of bed for work 
Flying with not so good looking flight attendants 
Aww they aren't open yet... Makes me a sad panda 
@blowqueen Did it arrive already!?! Yea, I know what you mean. I sold off 2 of my RM Matties recently 
Just got hom from the states... Watchin Roseanne... Super sad cuz i missed the Nanny 
Trying really hard to comes to terms with work being over for another week  Nah only joking!
No one is replying to my texts. It doesn't help this nostalgia of college. Maybe my texts aren't sending.  Test.
@porschesrule Sorry to hear that.  I hope you get better soon.
Up way to early to take @ksobe1230 to the airport!  http://myloc.me/4qlE
@CasualVillian oh damn! Well then idk what to tell ya. I usually had all my problems on pcs 
Morning everyone.  Almost time for that thing they call work again 
The Combros &amp; The Hasans lg berlibur di Mercure.&quot;nyusul sini tante Styy&quot; i'd love too guys, tp apa daya kantor tak mengijinkan  have fun y
Filling in tax return forms...  the June 30th deadline is looming over my head like a dark cloud 
So ready for bed. So tired. Why did I stay out so late. Goshdamn in tired. 
3am and is up, showered and dressed 
 I wish I lived far far away, in a fairytale land.... With lots of happiness and love... Ahhhh to daydream
i gotsa headache 
Morning, fathers day assembly at pre-school today.  Going to be very cute, but won't see it as I'm not daddy 
Seems like my singing fridge piece wasn't to everyone's taste  - Wondering how popular my vacuum cleaner might be? ;)
oh shit ...I want to go dancing  in the upside I cant recall the last time my body has felt so relaxed and satisfied~due to touch &amp; breath
Is writting a letter, plus seeing if Peter F. has won the bet as he rightly should. Twitter wants to screw with him... Poor Peter... 
thinking about getting up and looking at my eye in the mirror cause its very itchy 
Looking at my bank account..have I really spent THAT much money since I've been home!? 
@SorenLorensen Driving thru Shepton Mallet on way 2 Brizzle &amp; feeling mighty depressed on sight of Glasto signs 
for goodness sake why is he such a butthead....not hating on him...but im the one who really likes him....not some girl he just met... 
boots. aldo heels. platform shoes. omg. i want them! i miss them! poor them, left in sg... and poor me, stuck with only 3 pairs!!! 
can't take part in the grassroutes quiz caus i dont have 30 followers 
@shesthababy Wish you were here're!!!  you too @ryanmfsantos. Were at heroes about to go to Florentines right now. Where r u?
Mum just made me tip out oil into a bottle for some reason. Anyway I looked like a heroin addict. Now my neighbours are calling the cops 
@hook0006 tell me abt it! @nhycola u gon hav to take me somewhere to make it up! 
right - copied my files to Jay for the Magazine (he's building it today), time for me to go to work. Still feel rough though 
kinda stressed about stuff, i need a break from it all  its got to change soon
i am ill 
Space Hijackers meetings and 8am starts are NOT a good combination. 
my friend is talking to Pau Gasol right now  &amp; he thought his name was PAUL ... excuse me scream into my pillow.
ooo I know I'm behind... but 6 more followers till i hit 3-digits... hmmm i musn't be that interesting 
I hate playing guitar with sweaty palms. 
Ok. Less procrastination. More getting ready for work..... although I have to go to the dentist first 
@starrahlicious dat hurts  im sure she takes a interest in fans.
is on her way to school 
@JetSpiderMan awwww poor guy I feel you pain 
Zimbra Desktop provides helpful offline support, but its UI is badly designed for netbook-size screens 
@chemicalguy Not awesome, Brazil isn't so cool 
OMG i got grounded so i cant get on to tweet 
sees the comparison. Man, that aint cool. 
I have this fear of sleeping with my window open,so now my room is even hotter 
cant find the new limp bizkit t-shirt anywhere 
@greggarbo As long as it's not Red Bull. That stuff is so bad, and the amount you all drink worries me greatly. As a fan &amp; future doctor. 
so bored.  they're drinkinn, im not. 
break it down to a fraction, im doing decimal subtraction to find a reaction 3OH!3 ha i miss my eso girls 
Why good morning all!! Today is here horay! Off to Alton Towers - i dont want to go on one of the rides im scared just thinking about it 
fuck, dad has taken a funny turn and is being taken to hospital again. he is in Norway ATM... ugh i'm going to hurl 
Oh... so hot 
Stuck at reception drinking beer.  bad and good do not make it good!
Failed to go for a swim, as everything was closed  Were late by 2 minutes for one of the rec centeres... Oh well.
@blackhatchat Watch out! You may have been hacked, buddy 
@cait87 I don't know!  What did you do?    &lt;3
@danadearmond a lot of  today.
Walking to bus stop to catch bus am now rather worried about this exam  will twet you after my feeling and that I failed.
@zannemichaels Yeah I'm not sure if I like it 
@Radio1Killa hey there!! *gasp*!! u spelled my name right 2day!! Im on here after I done ran my phone battery down!! 
@peachchild It's because the Joick girls have run all the Kevin people out of the comm 
is a bit nervous about this meeting 
@icecream007 oh no 
at harriets house. school. do not want 
@DomesticDyke I'm a celebrity! My power was out yesterday and I missed it. 
pair at work  can somebody tell me how i get rich?! ;)
just finished a new website for Dad's company! Time for bed...haven't felt well all day 
colored my hair and lost the straight look 
696 words? Wooo. Now I want to sleep 
Whyyy are drums so expensiiive?  Anyone wanna give me like $1,200? Hahah
I don't think I'm going to make it to the #mtub  frick!
Upset : Just weighed myself and I stayed the same  I'm not going to hit my target at the rate i'm going   My weight http://url4.eu/Tw7
@SorenLorensen blooming typical! u come to Brissle I go to Bracknell  next time hon let me know x
...okay, so I can't sleep  can someone sing me a lullaby?
time for doom! WAHAHAHA. understanding test! 
@FinIsKing Oh, nothing  .. Bored out of my mind..
@toffeeboy09 ouch - poor you 
is feeling much better, back to school on monday 
off now, last day  I don't want to leave them xx
man i slept alllll day. now i'm up... and nobody else is 
I wish I could be queueing to get a new 3G S but got to wait until July 10th when old contract runs out. 
omg, #k-on ep.12 was good. I'm gonna miss it so much  #otaku #anime #azusa #yui #moe #pleasedon'tend
So my good mood just died 
Should not be awake at this time of the morning, nevermind on a train already 
@aleeex i don't think you've been getting my emails 
ugh ffe are upgrading again 
hmm... i'm bored and afraid of the thunder!!! 
@downtorio That is so unbelievably sad 
@alltimeblows I can't.  I have a nail appointment and it all depends on when my aunt wants to get there.
Time for me to go to sleep- My sleep schedule is ALL messed up so I'm going to be tired all day tomorrow 
Threw up 3 times. 
I'm still ill after a when week 
@KarizmatkStalyn I don't have the dough for all these lovely movies though 
I have no freinds on twitter 
My mac just had its first system crash 
Guess I should go to sleep. I hope I can. Not looking forward to work tomorrow. Busiest shift and its Friday. Fuuuck.  Night all. x.
3.0 in ontario...that sorta fucked my high up..also 2 i hate when i call 2 check on my son&amp; his dad dont answer..im worried 
@nigressence I work downstairs with FMS designing posters for DHFS locations and stuff. I still wish I coulda been an OA 
@Sparkly_Devil1 Yes indeed.  I'm completely wrecked 
can't do much needed laundry. resorting to shaving my legs so i can wear a dress  not in the mood for a dress tomorrow.
of course.... 
Stop dropping my phone 
@marishall definitely not, mami!! Ahaha..  But i think i'm hopeless 
is super bored. i wanna go out! 
Has got to go to the dentist today...... 
@iandolphin24 Funny! Optus has sent a single MMS yet 
It's raining!!! 
uncharacteristically down in the dumps 
going swimming as its my last day on holiday  what is everyone else up too?
there goes  the last bit of  my Sour Squeeze 
dammit, still at work.  
making pirate frames this is going to be a big party hope it doesnt rain 
@PalmettoGoddess  Hope you're able to catch up on sleep soon!
forgot to take my birdfeeders in last night hope the Bears pass us by tonite.. Ug 
Omg it´s so boring...don´t know what 2 do....// no more handball  // goin 2 Zagreb..yeeyyy...//
man i need that blkberry 8900, t-mobile talkin bout i can't upgrade til january, wtf been wit the company for like 4yrs now! 
@siicockerill I agree  So would @Asgrim, except he fell asleep
I wanna watch year one 
wants something BOMB.COM to drink right now but I have nothing  http://plurk.com/p/123mhr
And to bed, have to be up by 6a.m....and you know 6a.m....and I are NOT friends..... 
@BoringBoo  not bad thanks. Been on holiday this week, pottering around the house, nearly finished now tho` 
@kstar10 Well it seems like you're on top of it then. I'll just sit here and do nothing.  -sniff-
is sneezing like theres no tomorrow 
must not eat...................... 
I'm learning all about Twitter &amp; thinking about tator tots...My tummy hurts to 
I so did NOT just ate fish and chips two days in a row. Uh Nuh.. 
is realizing that she has an addiction, and there's nothing she can do until she gets help ... to bad that won't be for another 2 months 
@ai_nante I did  I WILL NEXT TIME
watching an information for proactive ...  my remote control is out of battery so i guess imma go to sleep now...
One fellow student thinks  that #zensursula is not sooo bad, I hit him and now I try to change his opinion.  
Ugh I sneezed &amp; now I have a real bad headache  Am I going to die now??  &lt;/3
It's so boring at this mexican/white party 
Can't fall asleep 
CAN I EVEN BE ARSED?!  So tired.
I made a new picture! But stupid myspace won't let me upload it 
Waiting to hear from Clarion in St.George's. 
feels practically dead :| sooo rough!!! 
#inaperfectworld id be with my bf  Oh well...#Goodnight
@MissBerryUVA09 thanks..i tried that but it didn't work..it won't let me upload a real pic of myself either..i think all my pics r2 big 
@kristijan_k I heard about that man! Now you need to Twitter #squarespace and hope you get the new iPhone! 
@_Mykii I know  I need her.
@Karageorgakis oooooh come on again dude... Had to do it in like 2 days... did not have time to click next slide to open 
It's 3:26am not tired and not in the mood 
@scrappyfairy oh pretty!! But no more pink butterflies 
my sunburn is starting to itch now 
Morning all! I suppose I'd better do some revision today 
is on the bus to school as usual!  so boring! cant wait to be free! lol ha ha
@peterfacinelli aww hun im sorry you are catching flack  we/they should all know you were just kidding around
Omgggg @DavidArchie was tweeting people back!!  I
Did I mention how disappointed I am by the fact that David freaking TENNANT is going to be at Comic Con and I CAN'T GO?! Ffffff. 
wrist is still very sore 
@kerryloh Soz it was a last minute decision. It rained and we got stuck at Delifrance - I spent a bomb there 
Sitting in the break room with no lunch while the guy on my left has posole and the guy on my right has pizza. This can't be life.... 
Ovaries suck today too.  they are hurting me! Well atleast the one is
IM NOT STRONG 
@aka55 I have too much on my mind to sleep 
Ugh, 2 &amp; a half hour hours sitting in a dentist surgery  And I was only with the dentist for 20 minutes :L
I hate when the dogs bark at something when nothing happened, it's scary  time to try to sleep.
So its like 8 mins later and im still bored.  I wish my boo was with me. I miss him!
I just cant find out how to jailbreak my Ipod!! Its soo annoying and waaaay too much downloding of too much crap. 
idk if ima be able to sleep because its soo darn hot! i am like glu to my bed. 
wow i am so tired this morning its unbelievable... having ebay problems though 
Oh. My. God. My back is killing me. I can barely move 
Lift09: wifi by orange but no ports available for qik or Seesmic sessions  arghhhhhh
@jkOnTheRun yes using sonyericsson ds970 it's possible only to press play/pause, using htc bt Stereo S100 it's even worse: only volume 
Just got back from hanging out with friends, Disney lackeys all.  I suddenly miss working for the Mouse... 
@gradientus - who were u referring to?  I'm so worried about u 
@mayank It still is in RC 1 only. Final release yet awaited! 
Last day for FIA and FOTA to come to some agreement, otherwise F1 will feature only Williams, Force India, Manor, US F1 and Campos teams. 
Late night designs are finally done. I'm pooped....but I'll b up for at least another hour  Oh insomnia
@AskDayton  Yes it is lol it was probably a bad idea to wear black underwear lol since after all black sucks up the heat 
@esiana17 i kno  @thisismyiq been sick... hee need to stay off here fo awhile... his true ridda kno whats up! lol
I've just written a news about StarCraft 2... Why it's premiere is so distant? 
AFTERLIFE keeps playing in my head over and over again. 
Tomorrow should be a good day: Golfing at my Favorite course, (Kapolei) Then getting my iPhone 3Gs! too bad IOL SAT Prep ruins it though 
Its so freakin' hot in my room...i can't get comfortable 
@PureApathy unfortunately so  left the house too early &amp; realised only when was at work... *sadness*
I shouldn't have kept the electric fan on when I was sleeping . Now get a headache... 
Last day @ work 
My sweet-tooth is acting up! Sooooo hard to resist manis2!! 
Its a shame that I need to get a package... its only cause i need an amp for it too... 
@Nolex youu trippin'.. 
Paking my stuff for a weekend with my dad. Still sick, didn't sleep tonight  But where ever I am, I'm still sick, so it doesn't mather...
doesn't want to sleep  just won a free ipod case woot! WWDC Contest. btw there is a new girl at work...very nice!!!
another headache.. damn it! 
URGH dad is such an arse, not done something for my epq twice now, wanna slap him. going to pointless college. today is not the one.  xxxx
: started off SOOO strong... ended up SOOO weak... 
@hungrykinfolk why the  face???
@nuke_83 I'm aiming to...but it's getting type frustrating... 
@Ashleysmilesxo you're so freaking lucky girl! i wish i could meet him or at least get his Autograph but i live in mexico so no happening 
Ugh! JUST SHOOT ME! I can never step thinking! 
about to do somethinh i really don't want to. just for a friend. 
says NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! mommy dont sell that house, sell THAT other house!    http://plurk.com/p/123n5e
being nicotine free has made me quite grouchy! 
is having the sniffles 
off to double english...but first, coffee. My teeth itch. 
I drove past my dream house....it was sold prior to auction 
@Maniak_JayTwo maaan because, due to some unfortunate circumstances it was just better for me to stay home.. 
I've just broken one of the panes of glass in the toilet door 
@gb155 Fucking nightmare coming in. I'm half dead - 47 minutes 
@yee_itsLYNARD I hear ya, my laptop had been dead due to a broken recharger, 
@worduplancs Can't go because of staffing. Gutted 
wants mommy to sell the west coast condo not the tampines house!  http://plurk.com/p/123n8g
@TahliaBear ORRR Tahlia why are you crying 
Being at a bar and not drinking alcohol SUCKS! 
Home?! Thank god. Passing out. I missed my Sessiiiiii tonight.   BGC4life.
really needs to keyshia cole it.....but cant...   @ 4th St &amp; Santa Clara St
isn't looking forward to catching up on yesterdays work  #fb
@JaylaStarr Everyone in and out of Vegas all the time, makes me so jealous  lol. I need to move already
It's Friday, last day of work for most, not me though, I'm in all weekend 
@JasonBradbury, one of the perks of being a mega star I guess, I'm very jealous! I will just have to wait until the end of my contract 
The Spill Canvas – So Much. *sighs*  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8huom
I'm can't sleep. &amp; bored wit noOne to talk to on Twitter  @RealRalphyG
Morning All!  .... Getting ready to go to work... Wheres my coffee gone? 
@allMywonders He's spending a lot of time on Danny and Nick.  I'm getting booored.
@ImDarkSkin I kno  I have 2 be up at 7 for work too!
@mtpflyers you are a crazy boy!  i'm not getting 3gs    cannot upgrade for free till December and would cost too much to buy out contract
strongly questioning: do doc prescribed sinus meds really work? 4 wks in and my sinuses\head still feel exploding doom very near! 
FML. will I EVER see FOB again?!?! Why does this always happen to us?? 
i wish i had a water bed. 
@BIGDADDY555 Did you hear that we have tickets for the White House tour?  Alfred will be beside himself!  I don't get to go 
Ay chin! Now I don't know what in the world I did. Only he does  and I can't call him.
could sum1 help a little geordie damsel in distress? havnt got a clue wot t do on here 
Just had a rather nice Subway - Quiznos was shut 
@bookshark apparent suicide attempt on I10. 
@gatorayd I need new glasses 
@katxrawr D: that's horrible!  poor kay! 
I can't find my Video Booth 2009 DVD 
@twoseventeen I kinda agree with you, if only I knew how to make my profile green I could join the protest  photoshop ftl
And did I mention, nobody here can get into Facebook either...  Been this way for the whole week 
just got home.  gin&amp;tonics went down so well...danced w/ my bitches but had to skip the afterparty cuz of the ouchies 
just ripped one of my favorite shirts! 
iPhone Spotlight: greatest feature ever. First kind of feature I've ever seen like it on a phone. So many people will never use it though 
@BigMem gawd Nokia on the otherhand have gone outa there way... But I'm more an Apple fan 
My friends daughter is at the hospital  I'm sad and worried!! ((
@icyheights hihi thanks, cute pun! so sorry for waking you up  are you passing by the house later? i wanna ask you something re: laptop 
@philcampbell same happenned to me re reset on submit - after 5 minutes of silence doing a stbarts hospital soundscape  lost the whole boo
@OMARDLV I dnt think imma make it, PaPa...im srry 
@kymosabe  sorry to hear about your mom. hope she gets well soon. iphone boot seems to be faster on the 3GS and I think you must need one.
suddenly feel like not going to camp.  http://plurk.com/p/123noa
hates when she messes up.  I ruin everything..
I miss my @sebby_peek 
not feeling too healthy...  typical on a friday
@frickingphil you meanie! Poor innocent little animal 
Still got to wait another week for my iPhone 3GS 
I am legend makes me cry 
@CaronPhotos It called me too but you can't upgrade until your contract runs out and mine doesn't do that till next year. 
is going to fail his driving test in 3 hours, the big bang theory ended last night 
was caught in a 'FAST UNTO DEATH' roadblock on my way to calcutta... phew... I'm alive and here at workplace now after 2 hrs delay 
Diablo for $4 at GAME? I can't believe I paid $20. 
at work....wish I could have slept on my break....it will be a fun drive home 
nothing gonna do  BORING
I NEED to watch So You Think You Can Dance   
Drove past a car wash in Govan Mbeki Rd that is totally cut off from traffic because of road works 4 the Bus Rapid Transit. They're empty 
@zoori why, what happened? 
Twelve thirty. Too late to take sleeping pills. 
Amcle is swollen.!! 
Have a bad stomach ache  its making me not able to fall asleep
Apologies McTweeps but don't mean to be flooding you with stories about that nasty rumour 
huhuhuhu iam confined at the hospital 
absent. I'm sick.  gonna miss all 8 subjects...hell
It is raining like hell 
 i hate bad days.
Just woke up. my neck hurts 
Can't remember the last time I ate with a guy and paid for myself...I will take note of this day 
All the guys in the office are playing hacky sack. I joined in but kicked it into the blinds. I've been banned.  #productivefriday
Ugh I can't effing sleep! 
@salandpepper I had to log off quick as Mrs came home without warning  Hope you're having a fine morning x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x
its so sad when u wake up and you already know its not gonna be a good day  have i ever mentioned i hate goodbyes?
friday's worst day of the week.. no creativity anmore  *traipses to kitchen for getting saved by cpt. coffee!!*
On my way home from the oc. Had a good night but can't wait to be in my bed. Couple hours of sleep and then work again 
@desiluv22 OMG...where have you been???? 
Omg I haven't talked to @jOshweird all dayyyy!!!  where are you??!?!
@thebeernut Are you the only one in Twitter-world to have read and loved Michael Didbin?! ...besides me 
@Vestrise what episode? I may come kidnap ya. I'm out of sleeping pills. 
isnt feeling 100% today, not feeling too great at all 
tomorrow's weekend but for me i have to work and gonna be busy day,,hiks..hiks.. 
@leannenufc Poor Ribena  But eh, I'm sorry you're feeling grumpy. *hugs* Anything I can do to cheer you up? Poke a Mackem? Lol @ Eminem?
Hope wife will recover soon 
So lonely here... 
They havent played ATL yet 
is devastated about South Africa's loss in the t20 world cup!!!   still love them though ...
i do not want to go to math revision on my birthday 
politicians have no clue what they just approved. 
Mums off home today  
@RSD_Sufferer sorry im in same boat but i decided 2 clean bad idea  i got hurt during mrh &amp; i didnt know
i miss you 
I AM SORRY TO EVERYONE WHO ISN'T @dubuupie AND HAD TO SEE THAT JONGKEY SPAM 
I just remembered the white chocolate crispies snacks they make over there. Now I wanna go back to Guayaquil 
dang.... the presence is here.........nooooooooo more otalia for me............... snif 
trying to sleep , but this strep throat is killing me  
I miss my bestfriend aaron 
@ddlovato you're lucky, my school doesn't have prom and I will never get to experience it 
wth! my mum insists tht cycling wld b a 1-month passion &amp; declares tht i may only get a bike when i marry off! 
@mileycyrus : hey miley ! .. did you and justin broke up ?  ): 
Just about ready to go work  Gonna work out how to send out TTR2 challenges when I get home (if i can work out my tapulous profile)
It hurts to sleep  I'm so burnt
HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE the weather today 
sometimes..i wished i lived in toronto 
On bus with a subway coffee  looking forward to the project 2m!!
after cleaning my room until 3:30 Im heading to bed all by myself 
Heavy nausea 
Major migrain, kill me now.. 
@msclarabelle OMG I WANNTED TO SEE THAT. 
Headache everyday for 3 weeks now I swear it's the headache from hell 
Tv tonight: 6:30 - Neighbours. 8:30 - Kate and Leopold. + maybs masterchef. i feel so useless on a friday night 
awww only 2 followers 
@adarataista adaraaa darling,goodluck for ur exams.. I miss you adiks 
Dude! I am so hungry! I think I'm about to pass out... 
Off to work now   Have a nice day all, and try not to worry about me stuck in the office on what should be my day off. Thanks xx
I am here for the moment and think that I am going insane from all the time off work 
do a little bit rehab sports...it hurts always so much 
@SandiMon  i'm bummed it's not working .. not even wooshes ..  ... maybe it's a sign to rest ...
@razorianfly I'm not because I'm in Finland and they don't know what an iPhone is over here. 
@BeckyKingston Better not tweet in class, teachers will take your phone off ya 
 anyone know if Ghostbusters is region free on 360?? and where to get a US copy in Britain if it is
time to get some rest finally...I have traffic school tomorrow... 
Hopefully 
@Mama_Gedlu well at least it got better I'm home sick 
OMG 2nd Attempt and security threw me out hahaha APPLE thinks I'm trouble. 
AT&amp;T, why are you being such a snob tonight?  No service, for those of you trying to text or call me... 
@Evelina75 awww doll morning 
@Frang  sorry about your headache 
@howlingeverett yes   its nice being in a different country!
@JasonBradbury I wonder how many people are going form a 3G iPhone to a 3GS iPhone today.  Not many thanks to o2 
It's so hard to find friends 
http://twitpic.com/7s8o1 - This is my bird Bella Sleeping. He is really sick right now, I hope he gets better 
Is not feeling well at all, and can't go back to sleep. 
I wish I was off today 
i now know what it feels like to not be liked for being gay. i'd never thought i would. 
Morning! Lovely day...and yet I'm in work again today 
I really don't wanna go to that stupid training but i have no choice  and i hate it
feeling the way i did before, and i'm hating every minute of it. 
at work 
@papercatss cuz i was with 6 people who have it all day on sunday. and more are being tested now  im quarantined in my own house 
haven't seen him today  2 weeks and I´m not gonna see him anymore 
Go to hell CH6, I'm going to bed! 
I now know the german word for fiber  http://myloc.me/4qo3
You know you are having a bad day when you notice a tiny dent on your Macbook Pro 
@Miamoodles did i? :/ meany 
@johnpeavoy Love to but unfortunately I am travelling that day (SFO-&gt;SVQ) 
@xXFriendXx I would miss dreaming if I didn't anymore. 
looks like wine-o'clock's gonna be no-wine-o'clock  
Oww.... Physics starts in 30 mins 
http://twitpic.com/7s8p8 - magic mirror gives me false hopes by making me appear a foot taller 
@muskanshah What are you looking 4? I would find something that WILL bring you money...might money is no fun   if you know what i mean....
My phone is so bipolar! It'll work and then it won't. 
cooollddd 
wat a day  so over working a dead end job!!!!! talk with you al tomoz u crazy twitters xx &lt;3 xx
ohk goodnight alot of things to do 2moro not looking forward 2 working 
woot ! xo badtreep .. err ! i had the most worst sister and bro. :3 well ! ol i have to do is to endure them ! they're mah siblings 
@S60mobi Yes... on my nokia n97 
@thenonconsumer Oh dear; sorry to hear about fishes; that's too bad 
@TinaAndWolf im guilty of 10 peanut butter cups 
@Captain_Diego Aww! I miss you more, hunny bunches! 
At a fucking haunted house with ligia, trisha, gina and indy guys. 
feel like a cool is on its way 
I had an amazing day hanging out with my best friend, probably for the last time while i am still here.  i'm going to miss you kimby,  ...
@DecaturDan Damn Matt @Nicekicks snuck into ATL and didn't even holla at the kid?  Hit Glady's for those Chicken &amp; Waffles.
@ConnieLindell Can't wait to see my #1 favorite person in Kansas next week.  I have not found your shirt 
guest downloads are working again: http://bit.ly/wjtIS can't believe I didn't notice it faster 
My house smells... Not sure like what, but I don't like it. Must find the source of that smell tomorrow. 
I just finished a Song with Cousin Cletus I had to sing Chorus  Flashing Light Remix !!!
OK! While you sleep, if all U tweet is recommendations to follow everyone who follows you...I accidentally hit the unfollow button. Sorry 
how the fuck is a 24 hour grocery store gonna be closed?    how am i gonna fix my watermelon craving?!
@alittlebit Oh dear.. Hope you feel better soon 
@kydnice noooo  i want some!
ha!! Wndr wen wd it rain here?? Smply yrng 4 rainy mnsoon days!! Ts agn a clr day 2de 
sitting on my ass being bored 
preparing for an Exam next week  ..
@ShannaMoakler Awww, that picture is so sad!!    I just want to scoop up that puppy and kiss him!
i think i just died a little inside as they have stoped making tower burgers at my local kfc  whateva will we do now @shaundiviney?
Belsonic details announced! http://bit.ly/1OeqGN  i'm not even gonna be in the country 
@andinipresident isumthing bad just happen to me ndinn 
last day in Switzerland...   And it's rainy!    Oh well, it's been a great trip.  See you soon PDX!
@DarylHH first episode last night.... wasn't too funny though 
@Sara_NoH purple is stolen baby. Pink is baby not breathing 
@Ikklemee8 Lol I told my mum thismorning &quot;I lost my voice&quot; she laughed at me 
@brojoghost awh that sucks! 
last day of school  class of 09 (: rawrrgasmness
alright, i'm forcing myself to lay down.  yet again, the only one left awake.
Me so shleeeepy 
Jud says Jordan saw Pink at Robina Cinemas! @chersie @sianee_ @ shelbyjay_ blah i never see anyone famous 
@RyanBlackPDX  miss tryst was my favorite!!
@69Pwned Just me for now 
@LStacey Thank You!!  It's like 3:30 here-need to go to bed buuut can't 
@LeslieLanay sorry to hear.  Question -  Is Left  Dead really that good?  I've heard great things yet sadly I only have my ps3. 
@Mechanigal i'm running temperature too 
last day at college today  sad times LOL http://tinyurl.com/mr2b57
@in_reverie hahaha! i asked him how his poo was and he said a 6 and explained the scale! didn't take ginger nuts, they suck without tea 
Finally in bed! Only a couple hrs of sleep though 
@Nirendrie hehe that must've been yummy (ur steak &amp; chicken croissant)!! Making me hungry 
Jud says Jordan saw Pink at Robina Cinemas! @chersie @sianee_ @shelbyjay_ blah i never see anyone famous 
@kittywiskers -- what were we talking about here? I think it got lost in Twitter-land! 
It's 1:34 AM but I CAN NOT fall aslseep!!!! I really wish I could go upstairs and make some tea to help me relax  #BSB
Lexa too bad we had to get rid of her  http://twitpic.com/7s8s6
I'm so fucking tired 
TRANSFORMERS 2 TONIIIIIIGHT!!! but first...work 
@D3monicAngel I don't really want to go but I promised a friend I would so I can't back out now 
Havnt talked to my baby all day today 
@maramackey - did you save me any of the disaster? I'm sad to have missed out on fondue. 
Trent - fever spike 103.4. It's already down to 102.2 with Motrin (thanks for the tip Christine). I hate when the kids get sick. 
@aggieanne04 Happens to me all too often. 
@simplyFREE7 I'm kina tired 4 a smoke break tonite!! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS grey and cloudy here  although it's meant to get nicer later on in the day. fingers crossed...
I miss my bffffffl  
work during the day, concert in the evening...no time for modo 401 
updating the new iPhone software, but I wish I had the new iPhone 
@superoeuvre  wisdom teeth?  That suuuuuuucccksss
I wish i cud wear smart casuals on saturdays, am sick and tired of formal wear 
@BrwnBear5 but i picked that name with LOVE!!! 
@Kananuibui loving what? can i have some? i have the worst cold ever 
@makencheezie and 4 cups of chocolate milk. i'm fat as fuck 
Last working day in my company 
Have to be at work in 5 hours. Boys are being loud.  
Buenas tardes! I went to the shopping mall with mom and so had to walk for 3 hours.. I'm really really tired. 
AND I DON'T KNOW WHY SARVER BLOCKED US. 
#inaperfectworld i'd understand the reason why people act and react to so many things...and wished that they didn't.   bed time. take two.
lost her phone  such a horrible day. lake tomorrow with aust though
Nakende nonderju! I did NOT prepare myself and my bike to get soaked wet by this stupid rain 
I was 1 follower away from 100. Then I decided to delete all the spam followers, a lot of them  had already been deleted. now im at 77 
@suckit_nerds yeah, I just live with my mom and grandma. And my grandma is crazy and will condemn to hell for it 
@givinallmyluv2u he's on now ... 
Last day of school in 23 minutes 
@TJP5082 spoke too soon  today is going to be hell on earth
My poor dog of 10 years is slowly goin down hill and there is nothin we can do. sad week 
@morganmarie my comp is dying on me and i don't have my power cord. so sorry, but i'll talk to you tomorrow.  'night
@charlotte__ann I was just thinking that!  I put my two weeks in at Zara so I'll be free a lot more 
its nights like this when i REALLY love heidi,and hate being in my house alone because ghosts play tricks  xoxo
Script downgrades working copy just fine until an update via Eclipse upgrades it again. 
@elaineliu First of all evan is married, second i am over tyler hilton!! The guys that i like are either taken, married, or a jonas 
@justagirl79 Yeah, not if he has a weird technology fetish. 
@theroundup Not yet  Still at work. :| But soon 
YEAH I DEFINATELY DID 
@peterfacinelli of course there's people in the world that ruin the fun  i wasn't at all offended, and I don't believe they were either.
@onebreath It's the exact same reaction I had when I saw the bit about it. LOL. it's so sad how everything with them is now a trainwreck. 
ugh I'm up so early  I'm sooo tired
enabling constraints could be a tiding job 
i'm not feeling to well  boooooo.
I am totally having a fever... Help?!! 
Just got back from the club. I'm super tired and worried about Marquis  gute nacht, Freunde
You know you're a freelancer when...you bugger up your day job for your writing 
I am a fan of Robert Pattinson, but the man needs his space! People need to relax &amp; let him be! He looks sooo unhappy in a lot of photos. 
@michaelangeloWE / she was voguing?! i missed it. 
Signing in from leave,  Time grows short. maybe get to have another tour of somewhere other than the box.
@erockett89 take that back. I have friends. Just none that would go to pride with me. 
@Polosmeezy oh ok..  hit me when you out then ...
@omg_pichu aw but he's such a downer, we'd end up with an emo eevee or something 
I am only up to see ATL on MTV but they havent played yet  I need something to do!
@myotherhand bai, @hilkee nu invarte nimic in apele mele portuare... 
exactly a year ago i'm in paris.  je manque tout beaucoup.
The lomo saltado in my fridge is calling my name...but it's too late to eat! 
Just got home from work. Going to bed to get up and go back to work. 
@4_idiots at least that's somewhat of an excuse.. it would be very hard to read no books  for me anyways!
wishes he would stop getting distracted 
#OS3.0 #iPhone Darn OS 3.0, making my iPhone take ages to turn on 
Man, this Twitter ish is getting boring! 
@carlylive i know i'm gonna miss her so badly 
i think i've hit rock bottom. 
They've closed the Snake Park, now The Bird Park is next... (money matters) What next? soon there will be no place to take our children. 
@Cheryl_Prime  I know... Is it pronounced 'Wi-twicky'? Rest of the vid ok, though? Or is everyone just going pick me up on that? 
is single and hating it 
@bobbyllew Mean! Just drove past &amp; all the roadsigns are up - so sad I'm not going 
Goin home. Phones dieng didn't tlk to my babe 
off to dentist .. appointment not at 2:30 
seems that i need to wait another day before the jailbreak comes out 
@sara_ oh, that is most definitely true! ...but I have no coffee maker 
@BMCfan couldn't make it, sh1t happens and it did 
chilling at home with a bad foot 
@zomfgpiyasha i totally agree.. its mostly government stuff, which by the way is my weakest part of socials. BOO GOVERNMENT... 
dang... working out sucks!  But I have to do it  
SUP SALOMA_ IT'S NICE THAT YOU ARE FOLLOWING ME, EVEN THOUGH YOU MIGHT BE A BOT OR SOMETHING 
Shoot with Mike Basso went so fantastic. Having trouble narrowing the images down 
this vacation wont let me do programming 
hospital 2day  wish me luck
@newdave First week of September. Impulse holidays FTW. This means no Brazil though 
@AnthonyDollar  ..That Was Actually My Dads Name As Well.
@eeshkapeesh Awww.  That sucks. I hate when that happens. (nearly every night for me)
http://twitpic.com/7s8iz Some more parks crashes his truck of the road. As a result I am in the office 45 minutes later than planned 
Argh - more rain 
@burnsrodney goodnight unk!!! I c u ain't speak 2 me 2day I'm sad 
@xXShantelXx We are frying in hell.. We just don't realise it. 
my throat hurts  but new songs sound sweet like a wagwarnin cherry, can wait to lay them down in the studio
hopefully this is the last online shopping this month.kinda broke already 
#aaroncarterisadouche I can't believe how long I spent watching that video feed. that's 2 hrs i'll never get back. 
@tecksbuk Haha I am not bitter! just extremely tired.. and the movie was not appealing. I should have fought the urge. Sorry 
@shannamoakler http://twitpic.com/7s8p5 -  That is so sad
i've fracutred my knee... :L i have a huge cast on it and need to use cruches... i misss aleexxx!!!!  &amp;&amp; i love my cruch buddy Bellaaa &lt;33
@heykelseyyy i am sorry for making judgements about you based purely on your video of little gangsta kids dancing 
The Dead Weather on Conan blew doors!  Now here's boring Fallon...yawn 
heading home to watch the last 1/4 of Gran Torino... forgot my power adapter last night 
Ahaha i love her little raincoat lol. She's got pink boots to haha. She's adorable. I wish i was like her 
@MsToshay Sag is the illest, hit me on aim EuroRv i need some friends 
exactly a year ago i was in paris. je manque tout. 
@SirKicks  i dont remember...
@Miamoodles 31st! save it! ill be very dissapointed if youre not on 
I wanna fall asleep but my imagination wont let me 
@diazerva I MISS YOU  and @wordman1994 I know. Its gross but god I wanted a taco. And u and dia werent around to feed me
wellll, it's official now thanks to larry king. even though I figured it, I'm so depresssed 
I've not been impressed by o2 or carphone shithouse this morning... Where are all the geeks? 
but it's sooooooooooo hot in my room 
@cenrak is watching wall-e,,, so far so good, !!! (try blue, it's the new red) :S. the movie is kinda sad 
@eviegarland Hey, sorry I wasnt talkative tonight. I hope I wasnt one of the people that made you feel bad. 
@riankaaa haha, ITS MINE ! akuu kan green ice cream, haha not fair 
No 3GS for me today. 
Looking forward to #unsheffield - doesn't look like I'm going to make it down tonight though 
My damn cat is starting to make that weird lip-smacking noise he makes when he's about to start puking all over the universe for days!!! 
@BurginFlurg Humidity's the worst. I usually like rain, but not when it's supposed to rain all day at my No Doubt/Paramore concert. 
sick, alone and fending for myself. 
Ordered the Iphone 3G S Black  Yay! Probably have to wait 6 weeks now 
Examen de EDI! OMG! WTF!  A cat ain't fine too 
@Nisa08 omg don't say that  what you need is a little dj orris music  lol
@JonnyLerwill They are so much more expensive than the current one, even with a new contract. Promised Mrs Oxchris one too 
in mac again, Kana buying food. My hair is messy! All full of sweat!  - http://tweet.sg
Impatient and angry drivers are out today  Chill out!
@mscene3t Thats becauase you havent said anything to me at all 
&quot;she looked beautiful as your wallpaper &quot; -Taylor swift goodnight  F M L
Can't sleep  all I see is lightning and all I hear is thunder I wish it would start raining then it would be a lullaby.
Woke up with a terrible headache  At least I didn't go to school 
Wants waffy online, this aint FAIR! *miss* you 
@DegenerateBoy Eesh! Thats a real shit way to start the weekend  take it easy, huh?
@zackdft Zack you suck! What's w/ the refusing to ship shit out of the US?  no fair I want the FOB stage banner 
@MattyBulman already have the 3g mate, there cool enough, but totally want the new one 
3 am I can't sleep 
if its too small for my machine, its too small for me. my fingers hurt, and not from needle pricks. 
@ohhaycassiek  i hope your teeth feel better!!
ughhh cant sleep!!! 
@itschristablack since i made you the awesome sign is there a way you can get me in the rehearsal fri? I drove from Houston. I'm begging. 
Feeling very poorly today. Hope I'm well enough for tomorrows reunion 
i really hate living so far away from my baby.... 
@NixieKitty I know. Just make sure he knows what time so that the car usage doesn't overlap.We'll have to go straight home tho. Band prac 
@LennartA LastFM used to work fine over 3g. That is until they stopped their free service in Sweden. 
getting trampled by cbc guys is NOT fun 
@lukemarsden how are you finding the sims 3? Im a bit disapointed tbh. The graphics are better in the sims 2 and so is the gameplay 
Speaking of staying motivated - its a design day off today to deal with money matters. Euurrgh 
Freeway home is closed  idk the streets n S. LA LOL great
sorry @bunz23q ! we cant make it tonight. 
@EllePea52983 i HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTEEE twitter porn scams.. they keep following me.  how've you been?
Woody just made a pillow out of me! 
its 3:41...why the hell am i still awakeee.  
We are unable to decide where to pray Juma Prayer due to Bomb blast Terror  ALLAH Save Us..
Great weekend lined up. Problem is I've got eight hours of work to go first 
@kirikitten hm... I don't know that I'd call it a fetish, per se, but I want to look cute in goggles 
Awake and watching rerun of big brother this morning, can't stand virgin SHREE,thinking of what to have for breakfast? 
Having to block my debit card because I'm sure there's been fraudulent activity on it. Bugger!! 
No sunday off for me 
@andyclemmensen awww devo they are the best invention by a fast food company  they cant take them away.
is extremely pissed off because my mom took my phone and my car keys!!!! Seriously? I think she's taking this too far! NO CALLS/TXTS! 
Forcing myself to watch bravo to influence me to get my sew on! 50 projects to finish, but so little time  maybe next time ill save ti ...
@msdwlove that sucks  I hate my job lol
@bettingpro  that sad.. we were all planning to witness mega battle again 
i love you #eclispe... but sorry #netbeans offers better functions 
Why is it that when the kids borrow things they go missing such as 1 tent and 2 sleeping bags I need for tomorrow 
today i have to go to the hospital  But!! Tomorrow!! MidSummerFair in &quot;Alphen a/d Rijn&quot; (Netherlands)! Is someone else coming too? 
I feel bad.  cause i need to be at work at 8am and i have no ride, is there anyone willing to help. I'll give you 5 dollars..
just into work..i should b workin but all i can think about is the lovely sun outside 
Actual last day of college!!  Pity it has to finish with a drama exam.....total crap!
misses @pantryboy 
@Paintedghost cool idea, think there will have been some development, but not much.  The days of Buffy, Xena etc seem to have passed 
@slowdescent  psssh i wish there was...such an idiot, dont wanna send it off for service... i just cant part from it.
Seniors year prank was great! cant believe its over 
AHHH! today was national SUSHI DAY!!!! dangit. has been looking forward to it.. but forgot 
fell asleep on the couch downstairs. Awake now because I fell asleep on the couch downstairs  Time for bed.
Another loser: @AndrewBravener I lost the game  http://tinyurl.com/nnxmv7
Redid my makeup twice &amp; eventually ended up barefaced. Both my mac &amp; maybelline foundation are too pinkish on me. Sucks to be yellow. 
@Nightwyrm I hear you. Rugged up warm in my Hobbies Room, but 'tis about 13°C &amp; I've got cold fingies. PeeFour borked in Lounge  TV it is.
failed to pirate some movies from sir esty. 
is working 
@emotionalpedant oh no  good luck with it!
taking my boy to the vet tomorrow  he cant put any pressure at all on his paw. hopefully in the morning its ok and we wont have to go :/
tớ lại bị ng khác hiểu lầm ( sao khổ thế ( nói ra có ý tốt vậy màh lại bảo mình khinh 
@JBFutureboy James...it's the 19th...Where is that song? 
#acdouche #aaronisadouche #aaroncarterisadouche make up your mind ontd 
@Mr_Taxi_Man Sorry to hear that. Best wishes 
I am really sick of guys in my life lying to me! Aghh lie to someone else already! What's so bad about me? 
@greggarbo COME too jerseyy I'm too sick to go to nyyy 
Drinking a lattè instead os waiting in lone for the new iPhone. Starbucks is just too expensive in Germany   http://twitpic.com/7s93f
@EllePea52983 i HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTEEE twitter porn spammers.. they keep following me!  how've you been?
Im really hurting over my classmates right now 
Just seen a dead cat in an abandoned room at the train station! Gross! At work silly early 
@Praed wished i could play til 3am 
In class. 
@jordancyee well then   i guess i'll just go kill myself .
@Katers1350  i'm lonely too, sad.
@AprilMayy You're leaving me alone in our apartment all summer 
i broke my charger  !! i broke my charger !!
right, that bathroom floor won't clean itself! what a life i lead... 
i love you #eclispe... i have to say sorry... i'm using #netbeans, it offers better functions  BUT!! your #cvs is the best ^^
@Superlambanana  Cheeky best end of Lamb ! Lob a Banana at you ! Whooshh ! Duck ! Ps:I scared of the Dark 
Still Yawnnn.. Now with some rumbling noise from tummy... 5 more hrs to go 
I spelt Prototype wrong  This make me a sad panda.
yet another night of no sleep... I can feel it. Last night only 2 hours. Tonight who knows... damn meds. and i have to work in the am. 
Missing my JuJu 
@Helasia &amp; how did you change your background picture mine wont let me 
to buy or not to buy the iPhone 3G S... It's £440 on PAYG :-/. I only paid £340 6 months ago for this one! 
*sigh* Tired, eyes sore, hungry, cold. Starting to miss home 
so the Proteas lost another semi 
@PompitousOfLove They will leave in the morning though it's not like we will stay there all day..  Her parents would pick up up semi early
Gounded at home... food poisoning... 
Back to work today 
@pumpkin umm but you can play with it when you have the live page. What aobut the mockup? 
push for iPhone in Italy is a pull service!that's so bad for the batteries (less than one day autonomy)... unusable  os 3.0 not so useful
i am wayyy behind everybody! 
I'm bored, entertain me please? Or else i'm going to sleep 
Bugger, timed nice beachside walk into work wrong &amp; have had to divert onto scuzzy &amp; sweltering bus 
Packing! My 3 girls are off 2 'sunny' Canberra for 3 weeks. Home alone after Saturday night 
I'm starving! And there's no one awake to make me food 
Time for bed, long day of work tomorrow! 
One of the dudes got on a &quot;friends of J Dilla shirt&quot;! Couldn't pic it anymore  aight I'm all the way in the back of the plane...
Third Eye Blind fix via MitP! Had Good Karma Cafe in person, no &quot;pork&quot; buns   still yum then @deannelima's now Nightmare Before Christmas!
arrrr ugr, stupid fingers strike again  The X button on my music player is not Play! Why are my paws failing so spectacularly??
I'm getting a headache from listening to the tape and transcribing 
@NickHodge Shit. 
Reading all your twits make me wonder why I got myself the Nokia navigator when I could have waited for something better 
@BabeNatasha yeah maths is so boring!!! Nope it was the last test before the exam 
@Christyxcore I got my Pre &amp; a My-Fi Data card today! Not activated yet, LNP issues. 7:30AM tomorrow 
@summerrrose me either 
@Aliciamckee Me too,it would completely make her life &amp; put a little smile on her face during a tough time for her 
@WhedonFanNews Aw! But they're so pretty together! 
All on my lonesim 4da weekend  Sad
Woohoo! Voyager Q, new eSATA card and RAM arrived from @macsales.  Sadly, the MBP order is not even processed at Apple yet.  
OMG I feel like crap! Can't wait to get some antibiotics in the morning! My throat is killing me 
@EricaHeartsYou why were you sad  -huggles-
@jkgirl73 But not now what's going on ?   I guess I have to settle for whatever LOL!
It's always a little painful going back from muso-living to school again 
Trying to download music since nobody will burn me a cd 
http://twitpic.com/7s96p - good times....good times... i miss this 
@ShannaMoakler Yes... 
@bendodson That's ridiculous! Bad O2 
Can't say TGIF yet- whole day work tomorrow 
miss ko na bf ko  when wiLL i see you again~ http://plurk.com/p/123rr5
@WhedonFanNews Aw! But they're so pretty together!  They'd prolly make not only pretty but GOOD parents too!
Sometimes, Someone comes along and makes you forget someone else REMEMBER: They're not better, They're just different 
@JanixAmoroso I feel sad today too.  why are u?
Noifsandsormybs ZOMG I WANT TO SEE THIS NOW!  http://bit.ly/12RzuK
These Seattle Mariners are breaking my heart! 
@secretfanofu i just read  that sux cuz people were doin that one all night...well once he hung up &amp; started our wrath lol
Stressed! Bills crap. Hate this. 
and yes, I'm still up 
I just want to sleeeep.  Biscuit is being awful.
heh @twistud went on right after i went off..ts a sad story..  lol
Home in bed, 5 very short hours til I head to Tipton  in Martindale-Brightwood http://loopt.us/yTB1-Q.t
@ohhaycassiek  i remember when i got braces the worst part was those little hook things digging into my lips. use tons of wax!!
Tum de dum... Not in the mood for movies tonight  This girl wants to shake her ass!
flat tire     damn.... have to rush now.......
@Noifsandsormybs ZOMG I WANT TO SEE THIS NOW!  http://bit.ly/12RzuK
just finished 6 hours of radio writing/prod class. I seriously can't come to any 'speaking' engagements now 
ew, i don't want them! cooties make your butt fall off. actually.. maybe i do want them. stupid butt 
want to go to sleep, but matt is studying and won't let me 
try to find a friend that run away... 
Spiders = Jennifer sleeps uneasy tonight  Why do they always follow me?? D':
I'm so tired! 
She is so harsh, even when i made an honest mistake.. Feel like crying now  - http://tweet.sg
Waited and waited and waited for a bus this morning, 2 came at the same time but still I managed somehow to get the wrong one 
My boss is not in a good mood 
@WhippetOut LMAO! Yes, but it's all for naught right now.  LOL
Mannn I gotta go home now... ughhh... See ya laterz Hollywood... 
Think I pulled something at the gym last night; my left shoulder is *killing* me 
@CodesUEH nar I can't make it 
@hollyhalvorsen haha so if i stop replying you will stop liking me?  that is sad
@dancelikejordan did i read you're a pixar fan ? did you read this ? http://is.gd/160jK  oh how i loved UP...heartbreaking 
Writing Thank You cards yet again. I'm going to miss my ohana at Lanakila 
I keep hearing weird noises in my house. 
i hat twiiter. i can't follwing more twitters. 
@FCTS Whose flower? 
What do u do when ur having second thoughts about a person 
just arrived @ SM S'mall &amp; i forgot 2 say goodbye 2 the old couple i rode with. i feel bad  || where the hell's @yiaio?
I don't understand men, do they all have a one track mind? 
@JuicyJones We do but I lost track of it a few episodes in as Sky in their infinite wisdom decided to keep switching when it was on 
I really wanna get over my ex wtf 2 do! 
@muggingiggles i miss obsessing over kstew with you. you only slightly judged me for it! 
@amy__xx  same i will miss collage!!!! 
Softball, running up a hill &amp; around a baseball field, then step master for 20 minutes= a PAINFUL body 
@coldplay Umm so which roadie was going around Rexall Place at Edmonton tonight?? We wanted a picture with him!! 
@JohnnyGWeir Oh...Poor 조니  You may feel so hard now...but that makes you strong and perfect, right? Go for it  조니! ♥
@RickyDeHaas  what kind of math?
Up late doing laundry... No Bueno 
Sarah:We will miss you loads!!! You are a great music teacher ;) bye 
There is three days left before exams 
I miss my sunshine  I think the cold is going around.
Table finally broke, waiting on a seat to get back in. Down $40 TTT44 &lt; 4444 - we missed the BBJ by 1 card 
at home again ... @bellaInAeternum i´m sorry to hear this 
Feeling sick  These stupid pills aren't nice 
omgggg cant sleep though im not even hot...so frustratingggg 
OMG it's 4 in the morning! I'm totally going to bed! 
@justjimmyjimmy but he doesn't share    lol jk
@Noifsandsormybs ZOMG I WANT TO SEE THIS NOW!  http://bit.ly/AEH6H
Starting calorie counting soon, the boy and i are both not hitting our caloric intake for the day. Im barely hitting 1200. 
@rosi29 no i'm not.  that's mean. get online!!!!
I'm out of the tourney wth just one level remaining for the end of day 1  played so good, just a move that didnt work as expected #EVPWSOP
Last night in hawaii! 
iz a little scared 
Just had some woman push me so hard I nearly fell over because I was &quot;in her way&quot;  
@RaYDiSNey      whaaaat theeee fawwwkkkkk i wanna meet jack and sally   when are they coming backk oh em geee
tweetdeck, why won't you minimize to system tray anymore? you clutter my already cluttered taskbar! 
i feel sick about having to do this presentation. bleeeegh boke 
....so my camera is broken  i tryed to make a video for youtube and the motherfucker broke so i cant even take pics either 
Managed to get on a faster virgin train so won't be AS late to work, but late nonetheless 
I'm so dirty  Even my slippers are that dirty.
@WordLiife just got msg.  so  !   wll be lookin 4 ya &amp; @guerillamilk N july . had mad plns 4 ya. got tha whle fam ready 2 kick it wit ya
this fucking cough i have won't go away 
gtfo my home base, nub  ugh cooties.
goes to MOI !! huge!  whats up with my homework? hahaha 
@dreamyla  zomg so pissed last night! Good luck today! You will be fine!
I'm not getting one, stll have 4+ months remaining on contract  but might jailbreak and swap to a different carrier then. #o2fail
its ridiculous to know that someone from a town as small as mine can wind up naked and dead on the road side. im so sad. r.i.p. joe.   
@beyondgoodnevil  what for? (the stitches)
off trainin in 1/2 hour...gloves in gym bag all ready.....just feel dead tired tho 
@positivecode owch! That's unpleasant 
@dopeboi awww miss ya already 
@shaundiviney wait wheres bradie 
@SHAYMAMII wait wait wait, its not what you think *gECBr* hehe anyway i went to the 1 by my house, i dont have my car 
More Ice on the Foot.... so much to do tomorrow, may have to make that trip to the ER 
@neoblog you too ? 
just got in the office and carrying on with my favorite summer drink, lemsip!!  Got the Lem bit right of it 
@ryan_leslie you're coming to Paris? thats so cool...hope you have a good time, wish it was Manchester UK 
yvette is mean to me  she is not coming to my wedding  she will kill my husband 
@flyguyloso Cuz Hes Sleepinq  So Im Up Protectinq Him While He Snores The Sun Up.
How can it be Friday, when the week seems to have just begun? 
@KelliIsConfused awww  she couldnt even c it :O
has to go to the library today 
@maryysmith stop making me jealous. 
sunday gonna be tiring. 
@kgelert LOL! i do eat a lot! but i didn't eat at red lobster. unfortunately, i just work there.  and i hate the general manager!
@EricaHeartsYou naaaaaw  That sucks!! Oh well...just have some fun 
And I can't find the link to turn my avatar green 
&quot;I am parked diagonally in a parallel universe&quot;  
never knew how lucky i wass or how much i needed you until i lost you  such stupid mistakes why do i always listen to the wrong person
Damn Friday Mondays 
@jacks1234 this is freaky, listening to loveline archive and you just popped up!!! lol. it is part of my moping about not seeing them 
This is not good... I work by myself tomorrow.. I don't know what I'm doing.. This can't end well 
@teruist I keep getting shitty articles of clothing in scratch instead of furniture like I want  and I've yet to ...
@VEEyeah that bad? yeah, i have to get my headlights fixed... could cost up to 1k. 
@TheReadyFreddy I know!!!   how was 33?
disappointed because all the marshmallows in the swiss miss that her officemate gave to her melted.  http://plurk.com/p/123st4
Jimmy fallon show is not that funny. He needs new writers   Lonelyandroid ):
@girlwithnoname Do Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat?? lol I tweeted you like 45 min. ago and YOU never replied... 
@w_mingjie tweetdeck's  never been able to minimise to systray for me  they need to fix tht and add API for bit.ly url shrinking.
@hollice haha i liked it a lot! especially the beginning. i guess reading the endless critic praise dampened its effect a bit 
@afoyle3131 you comin back with us next year 
What is twittervampire.com for? I opened that site and had no idea how to use that  but i know craig ETF is using that thing
Again a 12-5 Win at KC Royals. Chris Young looked hurt while rounding the bases, just too bad 
Plus, I miss my big brother.  
@uptomyhips  oh man, that burrito was gone in an instant! It did have meat though *think*, but they only discount one burrito 
@marlene07 Oh by the way Leni...miss you a lot! I've been feeling your absence a lot lately  I feel I haven't seen you in forever.
Just finished The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. I don't want to work tomorrow 
missing the Knoll Court guys 
My T in the Park ticket just arrived  can i please go to a festival this year!
@TheXiaxue Indeed touching but sad too, because they might do it as a publicity stunt 
has a rather painful bruise from shutting the car door on her leg 
I should be sexin' right now 
Its so damn bright my eyes are permanently sore and squinted... and the white paving slabs are making me snowblind 
@DWisyummy oh and I forgot... No sexify..no swmb..no twisted video..I'm very sad they took out twisted altogether  I love that song
So hard to sleep when it's hot 
@Aervane I had dinnah.  That's why!
@peterfacinelli you made my life with your reply and then you deleted it  lol no-one will ever believe me now
my phone isnt work 
Bracing myself for flood of students coming in for their grades today. About 700 of them 
hope this tanning gel works 
Oh dear. TRAIN.IsDelayed threw a NullPointerException.  http://twitpic.com/7s9e1
@estherohhh I'm up too 
just 7 hours and 10 minutes back then it's weekend and i am going to sleep all day... no not really don't have the time for that 
wish i was going riding this weekend but im sick 
@shaundiviney Why don't don't you go something like NOW!! Because I can't stay online at 8 it will be 12am in my country 
@TOMSshoes Any chance of a restock for the element Black/Pink? It's sold out in my size 
Missing my baby 
Being on leave is chowing bandwidth 
@krismorris I am now so excited! Bet they won't show it at any mainstream cinema though... 
street sweeper social club: #ratm leftovers  http://bit.ly/7MAWw i just want rage against the machine back!
stupid bus driver went the wrong way *angry face* i had to walk for ages then stand outside a store looking like a hobo  gonna play wii-by
@lnnchn &lt;--------------------------------------------------&gt;  That is how much I'm jealous of you! Enjoy your holidays on my behalf 
Chillaxing. Maths in 54321..... 
mmmm, i want pokemon platnum 
Eating at the executive lounge of the Conrad Singapore... My phone's not working 
EXAM TODAY HELP!  i know nothing  http://tinyurl.com/l698ff
@JackAllTimeLow Where have you been tonight? Alex, Rian, Vinny, and Danny have already joined us &amp; we miss you  stickam.com/woahitssarrah
@wxman88 ohhh, booo! I was gonna talk wx w/ya if you were still up!  lol, sleep is good though, esp. w/a busy day ahead! hopefully ttys?
going out for dinner 
@spudballoo and my blog camp t-shirts are nowhere in sight.  down with the postal service.
Bumped in Admin  hate you rebecca haha
@msmagic they have been rubbish this week! 
@TheXiaxue Indeed touching but sad too, because it might be a publicity stunt 
@lostalone Lucky you... had to get up early because of workers and now listening to hammers and drilling machines 
 cnt even use a single Twitter App!!!!!
Listening to @ryanada_ms,  he doesnt update anymore.
I'm very bored 
@helen_lo no, but whole family has it &amp; they're pretty certain 
@primocut How's your hand??? Are you OK? 
@jamienelson_ Wow, a strike! Oh, you'll deffo beat me then 
Leighton Messter...Oh no you didn't! Sigh  http://bit.ly/reumo
I'm wet. Totally wet. I hate rainy days .. I'm so angry now raaaw 
@rmaronce i am sick  ang hapdi ng dyphenhydramine
I've been shot down for another few weeks! 
i love the twitter!  and i love the joas brothers xP Guys you're perfect mens! I love you so much! (L) i didn't write good in english.. 
ahh, school tomorrow. it sucks i have school year round. no summer break  goodnight, so tired. i had a looong day.
Still no tone Gard.   Wanted it for this weekend's gigs. Grrr...
I was lacking of sleep this morning and wanna take a nap now..... But I can't 
@simplyFREE7 NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! 
@piglettoes hahah yea she said she is coming to school someday cause its summer holidays for her. damn it  hate you.
I forgot to write my RJ again. 
Not feeling good at all  day off friday tho
@iamjohnmartinez I've been home from tour for over a month and I've seen you once 
@rumoko but whose beard will I stare at secretly and longingly from across the room NOW? 
It seems so odd. It feels like it's not happening. I guess it'll hit me tomorrow and when all of my friends move this weekend. 
@Feva_Renee Damn Babe including me? 
I want to move schools - why is everyone so mean? 
I am getting &quot;$ is not a function&quot; error in #Wordpress 2.8 edit post page. What happened to my jQuery? Itz loaded there  @wordpress
@seannch 20 minutes  I have no willpower!
Can't sleep my head is hurting this sucks 
@NadiaDaeng I'd rather not eat ur shorts...dun wanna catch anything 
@raecheybaby Yeh?  I was beginning to worry about myself  xx
Contemplating the mundane task of chasing customers to pay their invoices today 
I think im going to fast tomorrow. I have to. Sorry shabam, I cant pig out with you. Only water for me  
Bought a Belkin UPS today. The software made me vomit in my mouth a little... All Java and it looks like Windows crap  #fail
Waiting for winter to end, which ain't fun since winter just started 
HTC diamond 2 outlook sync not working ... WM6.1 ? Vista? or HTC problem ... 
@cirlsdrives as well as ours 
@vnoutsourcing @bm_ Oh yes it does, I guess :-s My safari is doing fine but firefox suddenly turned dumb  Who to blame??
Forgot to record Nigel Harman's appearances on TV this morning 
toothache 
i wanna go home.  I feel sick and I am tired. moo! ¬_¬
@ydurran so very tired... woke up at ten past 7 and had to leg it out the door... haven't woken up yet!  Hows you?
My sister will be back home today after her college days at College of Engineering, Trivandrum, I get a friend more at home 
@nkaddict good morning that's sad  x x how r u
woke up with a headache. not good.  at least its friday!
I'm hyper and meagans tired. 
My tummy hurt so much.   and doing some stupid exercises. ;D
Got to drive to Coventry today...  and then to the gym and then out tonight... not enough hours in the day!
feels sad and could do without the drama 
@TickleMeJoey hmm...wow that's hard to do for I'm not feeling &quot;back up&quot; myself sorry - I'd love to help! 
@lisabarrass Aargh - that's my old stomping ground. Does wherever live somehow lead to mad traffic?? 
@shaundiviney will Andy be there too? YAYAYYAYAYAAYAYYAYAY they said it would be just you? Dont they like Andy? 
I fell up some stairs and it really hurt  but then I saw elora danan so it made it much better.
Suns hot but well cold wind. I cant decide weather to put my cardi on haha. Bus is late 
@Ange1isa  Robert Pattinson was hit by  a cab..  http://tinyurl.com/nzozup
Typing *ow* with RSI *ouch* isnt much *ooooh* fun. Stupid tendon i *gaaah* hurt a month *groan* back. I think drs need another visit. 
@atlzfinez its ok, i was only wishing out loud 
@LucasBlack guessed it was something like that 
I feel really sick but I know that I wont be, not because I dont want to, but the fact my body just wants to screw with me. lol. 
My tummy hurts  And it's really hot in my room so I can't get to sleep!
At EASY  ;).. Ready to go nite nite...
FRAZER! I DONT KNOW HOW 2 TWITTER AT U BUT U AINT FOLLOWING ME!!! i thought u loved me 
damn victoria is closed again! Fr the 1000000x nw, gna hav heavy traffic again, 
Today I will be mainly coding 
@DFashleyhavok ilytoo ._. I'm being forced to stay up..  now I know how you felt when I kept poking you haha
Havent hung out with @worldisphat since Sunday... 
Trying like a mad man to clean out my RSS Reader! 728 more unread items to go 
The overall effect is that I look like a japanese man crying cos he's lost his blind-person pokey-stick 
Sittin around here bored bout to get me a dip of cope lc drinkin the dew! bed soon i tired 
i want a puppy  i need action too lol
@FTLolz BTW, you're still on the list! I'm so excited for Dland, I haven't been since April 
@Davidxo  take me on a date
c2w 'zor laga ke haiyya' tickets were for Mumbai only  . I hope they'll try to get for hyd too......thanks @c2w
Woke up at 2 am 
Bad night  lost my wallet arhhh and I was supposed 2 b celebrating
Yes they were indeed motherlickers! the scummy kind. feel dirty for even going to the interview! hhhmmmmmm, frickin fake yuppies! 
sigh, desk-tapping just isn't as much fun when you're by yourself 
woops :L woken up now, trying to get bacl to sleep - but i really can't 
No luck in getting 3GS in HK. Since living here now I need a phone but Apple won't release 3GS in HK till July 
I lost everyone 
Great  since i told tht guy 2not txt me cuz i was busy w/ my sis's party &amp; not 2 txt me til friday, im gonna get an early good morning txt
It's almost 4 am.  That can only mean one thing: time for bed! Just over three days till Xander leaves for the UK.  
What's worse is everything tastes bland.  I need to recover! I hate this dry and embarrassing cough! Go away!
No one makes tweets about me! 
@BananaMolly @heartysweetie no. Actually it's to send someone off. We are stuck in a jam for 3 hrs. Not in time in the end.  grr...
I have never been so cold in my life 
so it's about 4 in the a.m ad I have yet to be asleep? what should I do? I'm soo sick. 
Another long day in the office, and still not completed  #fb
wordpress+me= 
Woke up to the sound of birds chirping. Shame they weren't real 
Today is a bad day:   - piercing playing up - new kindle dead - first negative review on app store - headache  Wishing I'd stayed in bed 
Completing imp updates for projects.  as some says when you go for a holiday your business goes for a holiday 
Sneezing and coughing at the same time hurts super bad! 
you were my first...but DAMN!...you were the worst! 
@louisevranic and poo you I thought you were going to be Shaun 
still can't connect to YM from Adium and YM Mac. Anyone else experiencing any problems? It keeps saying &quot;Server Busy.&quot; 
misses kdh.. So much!!! Cant sleep w/o his voice 
I doubt I'll be going to sleep. Noo 
Grrr my tooth...it hurts 
Awww. Xue Ting cancelled the plan to meet up for dinner tonight. 
Feels like i'm getting a small pimple in my nose. Awh man 
Is now sittin here feelin like ièm gonna fall apart..but gonna try and hold this smile on my face to make believe i am strong..  .. yeh .
@ericaeeks  done !  I'll be it is hot in FL right about now - we have rain, rain, rain. 
stuck in a trafficjam 
failed @nuraliaa 's test on facebook 
@nawong I know, baby  I should arrange massage  for all of you, including ?
wants to go driving now  omg.reminds me of drivers ed, when my friend hit a cone, and the mirror fell off, and i couldnt laugh, it hurt!(:
@feelme down with a flu but trying to be energetic. @Kananuibui am having the brew . Am at work  u? and wea is @Maximilus?
cannot believe i just watched my neighbor's house burn 
Why can't i sleep?!? I'm exhausted! And i have to be at work even earlier today 
Wide awake didn't go out nd I can't sleep someone keep me company 
just finished saying bye to mom n dad ON THE PHONE coz im at ca mp meeting and could not send them off in person 
if i knew what was thumping, i could go get something to eat. 
@JackAllTimeLow lonely on stickam!   come joinnnn! &amp; bday pres! stickam.com/rawwrritskayla
Jus Realized The Reasoning Behind U Not Wanting Me.......Itz Bcuz I'm No One{Important} Or Not In Ur &quot;Lime Light&quot; 
@mattpro13 I luv ya matt.. I hope I meet ya one day 
company banking can be scary when you haven't done it for weeks 
damn!!! got injured again in school because of playing basketball... 
Saw Dr Leslie Tay of ieatishootipost today. But didnt get a nice shot with him. 
@thepetshopboy i cried when he opened the book &amp; saw their photos as a couple. i had no idea it would affect me as much as it did either! 
http://twitpic.com/7s9kl - we haven't talk since the day of classes started 
I haven't heard this 'Abbey has Swine Flu' song 
been ill yesterday and a bit today  But I fucking graduated  University here I come!
is having a headache 
i think they censored that here @philkirby...our benny hill show was much different then yours...no nudity was the BIG difference 
@peirix my MMS ain't working either  maybe i can only send it to iPhone users
I should really try to get some sleep instead of googling Andre Birleanu and watching VH1. Work is gonna SLAY me tomorrowwww 
is tired.  having choc waffle now but it's not helping the mood. 
Quick update - still can't get ubertwitter to work . Off to Worcester for Aunty Lynne's funeral  Poorly dog - that's my 3...
And... and... and... *sniff* he said... he said I'm a TERRIBLE WRITER! Uwaaah! Maybe I shouldn't be writing... or even blogging 
Brb,choir practice,fuuu bad feeling 
meeting, tea, no food til one o clock...bah 
Asshole -___- Fuck these cramps 
@danellej02  where's the article I wanna read. I don't see it
Sooo Tired! Plus weather is 2 nice outside 2 b stuck in this office!   Oh and TGIF!! x
Nothing like 1am pee trips out in the rain  i do love my dog but really why cant she sleep
is happy to have her tivo showing tv program schedule again but not happy that nothing good is on. 
through. And you can't just talk to your mates for help 
@michele2003 Very doubtful 
@karinaemma allooo peter pan and wendy turned out fine! We love this song!! And them  so much x x x
Running a smidge late but finally in the car minus earplugs 
I hate spanaway now. I Shoulda kept my black as.z in a place i knew ugh. 
Why must I wake up at this time, on one of my only lie-ins? 
Its way too dark in my house  I don't like it its too spooky /: lol
busy at work 
i have to be at work... in 3 hrs 
Damn weather. God! Whyyyyy?!  Ay, I'm going for a walk anyway. Wish me luck :S xD XXX
@ankit_j @vishalgadkari the free pizza is on delivery 
@baldarmo The Green Twitter campaign is to show support for fair elections in Iran. Hope it ends with minimum blood shed 
@ThomasGudgeon At least you have an iPhone...my dad goes out and gets one and forgets about me 
I've heard more farman scoop than his mc 
#NAME?
Goodmorning friends!I'm sorry for the absence,i'm studying a lot 
awesome day iceskating didnt stack!=D but i went for a run up hug from karlee &amp; we fell &amp; i hit the back of my head on the concrete! ouch 
Team breakfast this morning, then eval.  Our last official staff meeting of the year 
I'm soRy everyone I feel like shit... 
I'm stressed out  I'm breaking outt ... this sucks... always breakout when somethings important the next day!
@Teradoll and then maybe he realized I was a boy?  It was an &quot;I'm embarrassed&quot; kind of quick aversion. sad, but understandable I guess.
FML gonna fail my exam tmrw.  I hope I dont at least...
Save the Mangos! — why do I have to be allergic to mangos?  http://tinyurl.com/kvodnr
Eating a less than appetising over priced sandwich waiting for my delayed train  #getambition
missed a snorkeling trip 
Just getting home from the ER with my son...wat a llooonnnggg night...&amp; i gotta get up in a few hrs!! 
@DonMcAllister And no news on the pricing of the new iPhone neither 
stressed 
@xmedusa i can probs crash at my friend brisbane place if i ask, cause they love me. haha. but yuhhh idk 
@MattCali y the fuck didn't I c u at Avalon on Saturday?  I was hella lookin forward to seeing u!!! 
@sdwndr lol, someone needs to!!! he was so ugly to the point where it hurt me.  and he looked like a douche in his user pic.
multiply is dying a slow painful death 
FCUK! My bad  Also read the freaking date wrong. It's only next week  Sorry for spamming you, peeps! http://twitpic.com/7m8kt
@openville but then I'd have to install yet-another-app 
oh no... sullys not gonna  have sticky up ears 
#inaperfectworld Chemistry would have gone really well yesterday... or exams wouldn't exist 
this is not good. i just sneezed several times in a row. i dont want to get sick. i only sneeze whn im getting sick  me no sickies...
Hot afternoon 
'love drunk' needs to come out now, i need martin johnson 
I have a sore throat =(  GOOODDD, make it go awaayy 
I don't want to hurt myself from falling again. Let me avoid you. We weren't meant to be, don't let us happen. 
Is now sittin here feelin like im gonna fall apart..but gonna try and hold this smile on my face to make believe i am strong..  .. yeh . .
I just scared the crap out of myself by thinking about how my glass of water on my desk could save me against the creepy aliens in signs. 
I did it. Its been so long and i gave in. I'm sorry.  i'm ashamed.  &lt;~ mc sexy  ~&gt;
proteas r on their way back 
Watery/teary eyes coz of reading too much on pc..guess i'm not yet fully recovered.. 
@OMGitsLexi So it starts off as a fun day, and now not happy...   Sorry
@AubreyODay aubrey has no love for dean-kelly.com. 
ending the nite watching george lopez then soak my sadness reading eclipse... i miss it all 
seeing your movie and the theatre funked it up  @Michael_Cera
@mr90Nz0 Oh god don't go anywhere near o2 
the sun is shining.....but ive got bloody work @ 2.30pm &amp; i REALLY hate my job 
@edythemighty where is the edy doll  i really want a doll of my widdle brudder...i shouldnt call u that tho :-/
have lost my (nearly full) Red Roaster loyalty card on which I'd saved all my free coffees  very sad now #redroaster #brighton
Oh It's Over 
@Alex_Vance Windows. I got most of the files to work by completely deleting them and redownloading them, luckily. Waste of time, tho 
My eyes aren't as good as they used to be... I used to have perfect vision... almost failed an eye test 
@redassyellabone Alrite then have a goodnight ma 
@AubreyODay Aubrey has no love for www.dean-kelly.com. 
Our midnight picnic got crashed by a cop.  Next time we'll be sneakier!
missing him so much right now  i wish he was here.
@evilnoob support for iran? Oh I thought you were trying to copy my style of avatars 
@ByronNewMedia great to chat today mate, I'll have to save my motorbike trip to Byron for another weekend !  #SMTB
I AM JEALOUS OF YOU PEOPLE GETTING IPHONES TODAY. I want a new iBaby 
has to go to a boring talk soon!!  Grrrrr!
Im doing nothing right now.. I want to get some sleep.. 
The gpa in this show has done so much for his grand daughter. Makes me miss my grandpa!  I wish he was here today!
M new 2 twitter 
@_BonerPatrol_ &amp; i'm really sorry about the Colin thing,it sounds like a slightly better version of what happened to me this time last yr 
Same here! Cant play farm town as the laptop has broke and the pc is waaay to slow!  @leesh34
My last Alevel exam today! Grotowski 
@shaundiviney why cant bradie chatttt tooo 
@rodneyholston I my friend too. 
Dressed in interview clothes, looking about twenty five  early mid-life crisis @Shunique lol Stop calling me old!! x I'm not your ma lolx
@gemma_kiely I'm drinking at caulfield  I believe we're leaving soon for the city. I hope.
Does not understand how twitter works 
can't watch Garry's Onepiece DVDs because her mac is currently in &quot;bedrest&quot; mode for 2 long weeks. 
going to bed at 2:00... once again. 
asks why my karma is now 0.00?   http://plurk.com/p/123v36
@Elrey11 i can't text you back I don't have my phone 
is having trouble sleeping 
holidays at home again? hhuft 
Nooooo I forgot to bring in the cakes that Sau made 
i'm not doing anything anymore. really dreading this weekend, next week and every day that i shall be spending in this country 
@alittlebit that sounds horrible  hope you're better very soon and have lots of (((hugs)))
@todisappear I tried following myself, but twitter wouldn't allow it  #twitterfail
starting to get very concerned I'm going to run out of #startrek #tng fairly soon 
I have to wake up in 7 hours  !
Got up &amp; my throat is on fire 
Crying in a public bathroom the night before my wedding b/c my groom says he doesn't have time to drive me to the hotel so I can sleep 
Recieved my tracking info for the 3G S. Have to wait till Monday 
Oh i see. It's fucking cold.  brrr
@Mcpattz I was clipped on my hip by a car before! I know the feeling all to well! I feel so awful and sorry for U  U poor thing
im feeling melancholy again.... 
I always sleep better when I'm lying next to him... Why is that?? I am at home tonight and can't sleep....  
Whats wrong with my internet connection!? 
@google Persian/Farsi is not present for me on http://bit.ly/IWjMH  right now. 
@hannibalism i shall take comfort in the fact tt i'm reading a script abt saddam hussein's son. 
cant think  i just wanna go home
Drat &amp; double drat. Turns out important letter won't arrive til next week 
My ankles really hurt  I feel like a grandma, oooo I just passed a bunny it hopped by
watching another movie all by my lonesome little self  
this hotel has got to be the worse hansel &amp; gretel changing rooms theme. Painted Brown with 2 small lights!?? Used torches to unpack 
Sad sad day  Running _that_ OS on VM on my MBP
@DJScholar Yep.  Awww.  Let him back out... He's probably sad now.     Hahaha
Twitter yall still up?...I can't sleep 
okay dad, please to wake up now... I'm sleepy too, and I don't like the short couch or sleeping with only one blanket and no pillow. 
@BryanGwin hope it too! haha heyyy I just saw, u are in a band!!! what music plays your band?? I would check it but I can't 
@imreallygay Bleachportal is like the shittiest site in existence 
@iPenginBrijhe no #followfriday love for the #phenom? @Bry237 ? 
@BBRRIITTTTYY lol i didnt go to school today, im so sick  went to sydney yesterday as u noe and got the flu!!  x
@loris_sl Hi luv. Have you published your book yet? And will it ever be available in english? I want to read it but cannot read Italian 
motherboard up.. com still down.. CPU fried? maybe.. 
Back to twitter, and trying to configure my Iphone. Me and technology 
Using josh's phone...I lost mine 
@ajaybanks24 haha. im scared. you have to go to george's otherwise shell be tots disapressed.  im so sad.
@worldofwonder @j2d3 once again confused... I'm feeling dumb 
http://twitpic.com/7s9pa - Me. I miss my glasses 
ipod reset 
@cupcake79 lucky I'm still on the bus 
@herromelissa Oh hell no! That hella sucks  Where were you guys trying to go?
@tg32 emang tu orangeberry ngawur bgt. hehe.  hikaru me wants fruit by the foots! eh lo sekali2 liburan jenguk ashley dong..i miss her 
Last night was great. Went for a stroll on the coast with Sar and it was awesome. Then it went bad; Chris is beating me again in trophies 
@Paychi Oh here u are! Baaaaaaaaaaaaaai! See u in a few weeks!!!  MUAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Helping my kids pack for their trip tomorrow.  They're going to California for five weeks!! Boo-hoo I miss them already!  
Preparing to strp wallpaper.... weekend fun 
@stephaniefyi  are you okay? i love you
My blog is NOT pornographic! 
Actually missed a tram today! And that on the very last day 
@triciaho cannot la. their food look so good!!! if i post mine up there, pple sure laugh la 
maxwell's &quot;pretty wings&quot; is about how how im feeling right now.....suckssssssss.  goooooooodnight tweeps.
Problem with adium supporting twitter: Now I can send a message not to the wrong person but to twitter 
@drrreww  im sure you survived. lol obviously, cause u just tweeted. but anyway. yes YEW CAN DEW IT ALL NIGHT LONG
@6uy i came 2nd!  but i still beat my boss! Lol.
My roomie us leaving  http://twitpic.com/7s9p1
ugh, bloody hay fever 
@mialegria not yet,in fact I don't even know how to open/see DMs from other twitterverse using bb  please forgive me for being clueless 
This is such a sad story ( You should read it http://bit.ly/5NMvY
I just randomly started feeling...odd? Weird, lol. 
@yalumpi WHOA! BLOCK ME LAAA! HEH! I DARE YOU!! 
@bsalais thanks for not hanging with me tonight  hopefully I survive tomorrow I'm kinda scared. Better call Spartans for back up.
just found out she is working this Sat. 
made a twitter background that is so him... but it doesnt really &quot;fit&quot;  need to resize it....
45mins of mental torture and I'll be out from this school!!!! TGIF is not applicable during this time 
Going to the mall with laura after our exam, then memorial thing for my grandmother  and tonight going out.
Michelle is not allowed out 
Gonna be a tough 6 days! I thought your last week of work was meant to be easy! I've been given more responsibility for my last week 
@Swag101  I'm sorry that u don't have ur mommy nemore. At least u stay wit a positive &quot;swag&quot;
Early freaking day tomorrow  Good thing I took a long ass nap today. Blah.
I hope Andy Murray gets a good draw - and I really hope Rafa plays but it's not looking too good for him just now 
@itschristablack  I'll get a proper copy as soon as it's out - but I couldn't wait any longer -.-* I'm from Germany.Release: June 26th 
Its not going down  believe me... If I could be in it right now I would
Sleeping at Lauren's house even though she is not here because a HUGE spider was in my apartment.... EEK 
i feel so slow &amp; lame 
 feel like crying. fucking bitch stealing my family, i want them back.
Work....god no. 
@Teradoll aww. I'm sorry you to go, and I'm even more sorry you aren't crawling onto bed with your love. 
ran over the twitter api limit yet again  100 request max is tooooo low #twitterapifail
I need to walk my dog but I really can't be bothered but he needs a walk.  Someone do it for me.
visithraa...u and peeps forgot me no?...so sweetly i made a twitter ka account 
@jaecka you only live once right? Aw damn, the thunder is gone now 
@smudge372 not really....gotta work tomorrow 
He was a wonderful dog that I will always miss 
@schmattt Didn't know you were off 
FOTA teams intent on starting their own series. Will Max and the FIA finally listen or are we looking at one big lawsuit; Politics 
eh bored hair dye smells really funny  it also gives headaches 
@nicoleschwabss compeletely agree!! they need to get a lifeee. if they get divorced i might just cry 
It's only 54 degrese. It's supposed to be summer god damnit. 
still sick  This better not ruin my plans 4 2mrw nite!!!
is boredd this music is drivng her crazy ! an hour left   oh godd !
getting a letter from the little sis made me a little homesick!! 
@slideshare having to laptops and still not loading at all on one of them. DCan only see embedded files. idn't have any support response! 
Dude. WTF TWITTERIFIC ?! Why do you hate me so muchhhh? 
I'm so bored I'm thinking of cross stitching again. :| My eyes won't be able to handle it, they're not as good as they were high school. 
I am a warning beacon reminding the fair skinned of what happens if you don't put your sun screen on (even if its quite cloudy)! It hurts 
is not feeling well today. im so sick. i hate having flu. i can't even breathe well.. urgghh 
@Jayda_B ...and Xander still havent been invited 
Wifi is up and down at #DS09 - probly no live blog after all 
Sad, sad, sad about Amy leaving Evanescence. is it true?  anyway, who's online on YM? It's been decades since I went online. Lol.
No matter how hard i try, you keep pushing me aside 
praying for just one pink band on my PAGE gel.... pink = masters  the tension is rising... 60 min to go...
Anybody's video option on the camera not working for iPhone 3.0 update? It's not working and idk why  Ugh!
@RaYDiSNey  maaan you gotta tell me if they come back cuz i wanna meet him... was hee supperr tall or did he jst have a big ass head?
sittin up watchin tv, cant sleep 
@alexiaaa aww poor thing  at least she's ok now.
@catboyfunk it's heavy overproduced on the beach  i miss them live!
its broken though 
@preethzzz hey, cutie! Friday fuck-ups at work...  so bored!
half a day is gone again 
urgh .. been meaning to do my Felting notes but ended up with IT technical stuff. And now must cook dinner 
http://twitpic.com/7s8iz Some morron parks crashes his truck of the road. As a result I am in the office 45 minutes later than planned 
@HaylieK I was gonna gooooo. But I got lazy. 
Killed my old (gen2) ipod nano by not checking my pockets before I washed 
@SarahSaner that's the spirit - can you send some of your energy over to me! Got 2 take one of the dogs to vets &amp; then go 2 work! Ugh! 
hasn't been home at this time on a friday for as long as she cant remember.. it's weird. wish i was skating like usual 
wait... Vanity Fair isn't listed on @FocusFeatures website. but it is a Focus film, which means their film archive isn't comprehensive. 
@aaroncarter7 I was in your live feed &amp; I got no reply back.  I love you &amp; you are the shit!
@tnsSG study &amp; play at the same time? Me go see customer 
@mattots The chart itself is hilarious, but the depressing part is how many millions of people will read and believe it 
@richship awww sounds miserable  Hope you are feeling better this morning xxx
@GeraldBarroga monday ahahahahha is the day I got hired 
@delonm The link is broken 
I'm cold and I lost my 'best in wa' sticker 
dentist today. booooooo 
LmaOo I know  buh I like it. @FlyTunes
Mornin' all. Lovely day here but a bit breezy. Had to bring a tomato plant back in coz it blew over.  Need to do some housework today 
1,2,3,7,5,8,4 They started good with the 123 but it all went downhill for there. Dont even ask me what happened to 6..I never found it 
Oh, man! Being on leave is chowing bandwidth 
@philkirby and the nudity...don't forget that  i watch old episodes online and realize how ripped off i was a child !
Why on earth am I at work 1 hour early? I need to get a life 
When are they going to make a sequel to Sim Tower (not counting Yoot Tower). Come on people, it's been 14 years! 
@nicoleyy305 -  when the hell do we get report cards..... I'm shitting major bricks
@xhardcoreyx but why? 
Sigh.. Is it so hard?! .. Zzz. Speechless. 
@jeanettelim oo that's so sad  he also had an allergic reaction to a rabies shot a month ago and I had to take him to the hospital :/
@efan78 your link is broken  *sobs*
good grief there is a queue for the new iPhone  didn't expect that
Carls jr is closed  ahhh but the sign says its open!
Hates the fact that he can even go out 
I've had my LG Dare for 3 months &amp; drop it every day. Horrible! Just now the protective shell broke on impact with the bathroom floor 
wishing i could meet a real celebrity      my summer sucks so far, just got fired recently   
really just cried, looked at old pics on my 1 friends facebook n saw a pic of me n my BFF. havent talked to her in a good 2 years. 
@bigfatphoenix , @AaruC: *sigh* No one takes responsibility these days. Not the BJP leadership, not my friends... 
http://twitpic.com/7s9rt - this sort of &quot;spiky&quot; nutrition levels simply wiil not do 
@makensyyy awwwwwh dont say that 
perfect timing! It started raining when I started my Bimmer. That's gonna be a &quot;wet race&quot; tomorrow at Nürburgring 
@EllerySweet I would do it for you if I was there 
ok.  time to go to bed.  be back in a few minuets  i really don't get enough sleep..
I've being coughing all day today  
@tmorello Awesome new band! i love the album, when is it getting released in the UK? i cant find it anywhere 
@beckie0 Does doing that help the urge to pass? It can't be easy doing stuff with hands tied up 
says good afternoon!I just got home from school!May pasok pa bukas.  http://plurk.com/p/123wil
at work...bored.. 
Awake, getting ready for airport, early morning thunderstorm outside 
@opheliac14 yeah, that would be the one. and i wanna go with her sooo bad. 
@rupssux well that sux. 
Me ginga biscutes are freeza burnt 
Wish I could just tell the truth  It's better to hide than upset everyone, right ?
Should have been in Nottingham yesterday, today and tomorrow  Ah well, far too awkward and expensive anyway
Working at 3 am. Nothing is going right though  time for sleep then off to AT&amp;T in three hours.  http://yfrog.com/5kewuj
Has the busiest hungover day everrrr!  Dance rehearsal at 10, lunch with friends, work, Ayr Races for a flutter, Mansion House tonight! ah
@laricaster wait for me.. please..  haha.. i wanna share hahaha too..
@wonderdidi ya lo...keep fit cuz long time never go exercise   this sunday i want to go jogging at reserve park !!
i really hate guys atm , i feel so used and upset and its meant to be the happiest day of the year lmao !!!!  oh well
@ipdman1 ohh i duno, lolz, i dnt have any contacts on there  sucksssss
@GrahamHill I understand. Thats still a &quot;what to do&quot;, I am stuck at &quot;how to do&quot;.  #scrmbk
@DMB_ tis okay, i've gotten over it a little bit. but it was only after the concert was over that i started to become OBSESSED with them! 
... did not do good playing Poker.  
so tired. i wish there will be no classes this coming wednesday. 
Absolutely booing that I'm stuck at work when everyones at Ascot  Fuming!!
I LOVE my friends! But when my married friends get hit on instead of me the single girl, it really sucks 
No #bobfail today.  Ear gunking out crap so definitely looking like #jamesehfail 
got no money for tonight! 
@krishnalus Shiiiit man! Need to get over there fast! HAHA. Perooo, I have this thing tomorrow. 
Im Mad... I Cant go on the Computer for 5 Freakin Minutes, just to watch a youtube vid....Lame. 
@TCCarter23 its not on 
is not feeling well 
I hate heims kaffee (www.heimbs.de) for roasting coffee beans and having the wind blow so I can smell it  *smells sooooo good*
@kissatlanta @automaticpanic @thedbc @theerealfdhc @Afflictedwolf i miss my boppers  where u at?!?
@thelastgoodkiss  But at least you got an amazing amazing score! 
has a really bad headache  
@ayatoshirosan ...later to say that you just couldn't fall asleep.  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 So I hope you have now managed to do so, Darling, and that..
@mystic_megs yeah july 18th and 19th but not the one david tennant is at 
@mydogateart hi, yes, I think, I will be better in a week ;) just totally torn right now 
Enjoyed my two days off... not ready to work this whole weekend though 
@dmtran1028 summer school's okay, almost over! Is the 28th sunday? I don't think i'll be working that day 
its cold now. weather needs to make up its mind 
Mind Explosion! I can't take it anymore. 
@ellaannounce - wholeheartedly agree. Just taken the last paracetamol in the house 
In Chester this morning doing an install!  It's all multiroom audio! I love it! I'missing out on all the fun in Brum thou! 
@SarahBethLoves  I just dont understand why it's so hard for my mom to accept that I'm not the same person I was 4 yrs ago.
I want my girlfriends exam to hurry up  I miss her x
I know I haven't uploaded a vid in ages, but I don't remember it taking this long! 
@kittycaht Thanks! We moved to a bldg 110 steps away from my family LOL We're finally living together again, but my mom already misses me 
@youcollme I haven't had a dream like that in a while  but I know the feeling. Amazing.
heinekin bottles confuse my mind with VK apple bottles.  i miss VKs!!! http://bit.ly/xiaag
@Valaxe That peace has a name... Code Geass season 3 
@teerahteerah LMFAO  I checked spash news and there is none of what twi fans is saying
playing wii sports with colleagues. Tiring waiting for my turn 
i hate waking up in the middle of the night. 
No one to chat too. 
A's need to get it together 
very worried 
i can't believe Joe admitted to dating Camilla  I know as a fan I should feel happy for him but I am not ... and I don't know why *sigh*
Nge-tweet di ubber twitter, nyinkronnya luber ke status FB, YM, GTalk, FS, Myspace, Fupei, Tagged, Viigo huhhhh payahhhh  *setup ulang*
@greencupcake I miss you too candabear! Just finished working on an amazing hip hop track and now I'm trying to help Brian start his car 
@godfatherobie I agree. Good move. Plus Deco and Riccy (+Drogs?) for Ibra. That would be an awesome outcome. Like to keep Drogs, but ban 
ugh stupid time change, all my tweeps r sleep.  who am I gonna tlk 2 now. lol. where my la folk at??
is in the throws (literally) of a really horrible sickness bug  sympathy please....and a new stomach.
wants to go driving now  omg.reminds me of drivers ed, when my friend hit a cone, and the mirror fell off, and i couldnt laugh, it hurt..
my stomach hurts 
cant find an outfit to wear  i think im having an &quot;off&quot; day, not happy with anything i try on :/ hmm.
Why do i always feel like the bad guy! 
dentist on monday, shitting bricks. So who isnt scared of the dentist and their screw drivers 
so much for the happiest fukkin day of the year! 
i DESPISE socials.. my brain hurts 
fuck  it sucks not having a job 
It's Friday, but it won't be as good a weekend as I hoped it'd be 
watched the sun rise today in Venice...leaving on a jet plane early tomorrow morning 
The best thing that happened all day, ran out of sugar, a sugar free instant coffee  ,open the fridge, hidden a packet of sugar cubes.
dearest sister, what happened to the sister2sister days huh?? where was my invite to the movies??? bloody boyfriend of yours wont share 
@trixtia I have no idea. Maybe it is? But the video was taken years ago... but still! 
my f-ing everything hurts...didnt sleep all night 
aint got a job nomore 
@yutingloveshow  I've got tuition tomorrow too!
Cant  fall asleep  worried about the future...
@JasonBradbury FAIL! I upgraded to iPhone in May from a non iPhone contract...no upgrade for me for 18 months 
@MissTsensual Hey Miss T, I hope you are well and I will make the most of the W/E but am working tonight and tomorow 
@maddieroth can i text you? 
today is deadlines deadlines and even more deadlines 
Everyone is leaving Australia  so so so sad that it's over..at least I have Wimbledon next week to keep me sane..9 days till home!
I can't sleep  restless thoughts floating around my head
MRI today 
@jasonmccall82 you're up?!? haha I had a nightmare about him.  Watched 1 and thought it was stupid, 2 I had to turn off.
So I'm at work. Bored. Wanna be with @BenWay08 in the city. 
Once again im up @ an effed up time. Im tired of bullshit ruining my sleep pattern. Having too much to do always interrupts my night  
@ImNickArmstrong Well, it needs to hurry up. 
Are you fed up with my concerns? 
Has to be ready to go teach little ones to cheer in about 8 hours..... FABULOUS! I love to enlighten, but the whole early thing wont fly 
Just realised i'm still fair skinned. But i swear i'm two shades darker  - http://tweet.sg
waiting for Tom too get hereeee, cant wait any longer  miss him
@HelloEli  thanks for woRrying... My parents arnent even awake  I feel like waking them up and hugging them
Is off to work 
amazing hoe people change over the course of a year  doesnt noe wut to do or believe anymore...
one hour late-bad plumbers  http://tinyurl.com/pnptq8
So yeah....I'm still up... I lost my mouthpiece now I'm afraid to go to sleep 
@kka2297 how did you almost give your brother a black eye 
@magna_maxima yeeee me too. music is so creepy. 
gonna go and prepare to go out..still have to find the keys from my motorbike anyway!already checked the fridge..not there 
Ugh, I feel so down. Been watching the 6/12 episode of &quot;What Not To Wear&quot; and this woman was absolutely devasted by her new hairdo. 
@kanundra Thanks, but 'they' know nothing about heads and it's not for lack of research.  Off to take more pointless meds 
@ work  but soon holidays 
4000 Updates.Didnt Think This Day Would Come.Total Twitter Whore  Any Psychologists On For Twitter Addiction Diagnosis...I Love You ;)
says now I'm getting sentimental over old Masters of art  Botong and Coching  http://plurk.com/p/123xqw
@DjDrewG the Erica Jayne? Yes they've been out for a while. I got the legal promo last month but never said anything bout it  GREAT CDM!
hello planet- how will I function today without any sleep? poorly I  imagine.   
promise me to not to prestige again 
not allowed 2 go 2 movies cuz iv gotta babysit little brother 
mornin everybody, got up early cos i couldn't sleep.. I'm smothered wit a cold  not nice, today is a special day so is tommorro...
Wowsers!!! Star Trek was great, Bizzle was incredible, miss 'Joey'  he was great tonight!!!
I LOST MY NECKLACE  *sigh* ... and the buses where mean to me. gahhh!! ...MEGA MOO!
The reviewers' comments are reasonable, not too negative. There were many submissions apparently. 
Good morning. Last day w/ @XXCymbalXX :'( Then she'll be gone... Montreal is soooo far away!  *sobs*
Am sooo incredably tired this morning 
stomach ache!! aaaarrrgggggghhh....i think it's cramp!SHIT!! 
@thenewbnb u r the only one who is happy 
@MonaDeFleur: If I'm right about what you speak of - August sometime. Probably won't be easy to find 
amazing how people change over the course of a year  doesnt noe wut to do or believe anymore...
@MsGourmet efficient and good, friend had to work   but good to be with mself actually, a bit of a luxury!
this gurl named stefie hasnt texted me all day i thought she was dead 
Back in humid Hawaii, ready to get back to business. By getting back to business I mean go on another vacation. 
bad start to friday... can't believe spice burgers are coming of the market.  
@Web_Geek my husband is allergic to cats  my friend Mark wants one and dad is tempted though!
@janetwishart soo wanna come with u! 
Listening to &quot;When the levee breaks&quot; and hoping that the rest of today is better than it's been so far. 
my costal excursion ends in a couple of hours. Its bitter sweet. Got 3 Nokia phones (yeah..high end thingys!) locked on safcom  and..
i archive lots of stuff in gmail, so it's annoying that the mail search in iPhone 3.0 only searches the inbox  v useful though!
Yay a play-Asia order has shipped but not sacred 2  but the order I made a few days later oh well
@whiteystrife oh shit shit shit shit shit no i didnt 
Well, my new monitor doesn't work, so I can't play with my new PC 
@okinawajapan I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
Holy crap, the Ghostbusters video game is out! Too bad my computer probably can't run it 
wants to go and see &quot;my sisters keeper&quot;. looks good but rather sad from the trailer. 
cant get my etsy gadget to work on my new blog 
Everyone thinks it is  Its NOT.
@Jes_Carman_Wade I just found it boring - Didnt laugh at all 
I don't like storms or lightning. 
My friend is not too happy right now  Love you babe and I will see you soon! Better things are bout to happen! promise! I'm here 4 u hunn
Missing power 
He just keep s on talking, THIS IS HOW MARKETING WAS DONE 10 YEARS AGO, BUT NOT TODAY  ,I feel sorry for him
says i want to be ur valentine, ur christmas wish or ur pick-up line..*missing pau..*  http://plurk.com/p/123y57
i think i might like my twitter app...twidroid wasnt alertin me anymore 
This weekend is different... I have to come to office for vm-oncall 
@dekrazee1 I don't know; I can't remember that far back 
WAS ganna go outside... No thanks to daddy 
At Work...So Busy...Workin at the hotel 9 hours then at the club from 8pm to 5 am...Dying tonight 
@xo_mcflyandjb What's wrong lovie?  Heres a joke:3 tampons are walking down the street, a small one, a medium sized one, and a large one.
it's a shame how benny hill died @nixsight ...neglected &amp; ridiculed...a fucking tragedy imho 
Is hopping on a flight... Oh wait.. No im not 
Dentist now 
@HeyItsAshleyDuh I wish i had your life . 
@BabsGold Ha! I had one a while ago that was brilliant, then we moved to T-Mobile 
WOO! got to come home early tonight!! P!nk tomorrow. wanna get lots of sleep tonight, only got 4 hours last night 
my tea is too hot to drink 
I HATE lemon honey cough drops with a passion.. But it better make my damn throat stop hurting... I need to go buy honey and lemons  
accdg. to @derrick21, Macau's first case of A(H1N1) is a Filipino. 
hates internet connection at the office..it makes my work double tasks! 
I want iphone 3GS, gotta wait a few months for contract to expire though 
@thickassviola lol this dont make no sense  ugh.
Up late talking on the phone, knowing i gotta get my ass up for workouts in the morning. 
one of my best friends left for the UK today  come back soon Pipi! I miss you already! =(
ha, the sun is shinin, shit! Got to do the garden  L:Oswestry, England, United Kingdom:
Beat Valkyria Chronicles earlier... Damn I need to get a PS3 
New blog post: Google AdWords keeps declining my Unionbank E-On VISA card  What's wrong? http://bit.ly/9FOWu
@bes21 omg bes, i dont know if you still on but i just finished the emails and i practically in tears..... i miss her  
@stephrenee22 nooo it was with dane cook and kate hudson I was kinda disappointed...wasnt that great!  but its all good.
can anyone give a message? 
On the Bus now. 
Great Softball Game We Won!!! Almost ran in to lil david  awwww wish i did.
@tttrina i wish  next time for sure!!!
@MrsJohnLocke gonn rewatch the first two in HD at teh weekend, @hollyearps's tv couldnt get signal for the second 
emma and sami went to redcliffe without me  i wanted to see georgia and bridget!
Friday morning..Bored.. &quot;Hello'd&quot; my entire Gtalk buddy list: 25+ online... no one replied!! except the language translator bot  
omg my cousin Krystel and @mt_vern keep laughing at me because I'm thisclose to losing my voice so its cracky 
Going tah bed! Work in 5 hours! 
says goodbye my lovely aunty  http://plurk.com/p/123yj2
@queenbeecc I suppose....but just think its futile 
@3CB That's right... job inaninyonga.. na sijazoea tai 
Just hit my toes on the bannister again just as my toes were recovering from last time 
@baotaku yishun! but no, the drilling was happening in my house jfc 
Can't sleep. Doctor's appointment at 8:15. This sucks 
@xjessicaxamyx going back oin a friday is soo not cool 
Shoot, here I thought we were gonna have a long streak of sunny days.. 
Where is everyone 
I'm so bored right now...can't sleep for crap!!  
so wow wat a shit day at work...crazy cold sounding voice i sounded like such a retard and runny nose  had my vick nose sniffer though ha!
Headache  i'm gonna go for a bit. &lt;3
Opps, only do that &quot;Show support for democracy in Iran&quot; thingy if your avatar can support an overlay, my avatar can't 
It was supposed to be sunny today! Talking about global warming and they can't predict next day weather? Shit, no visit to the ZOO 
Can't weit for Mia to get up and come on bearshare, we didn't talk for 3 days 
Spiders with egg sacks BETWEEN the sheets! Can't handle it. Just changed rooms! Now out of diapers so off to the store 
I missed someone tonight... 
Countdown to next final ... 22 minutes   Goodluck Pappy n Smash
@mister_showtime Aw darn - I was drinking and being merry. And I love being rude too 
i do nothing 
Tweetie on my Mac is asking me to sign in &amp; is not recognising my Twitter credentials... 
dooomed. It's COMPLICATED. 
okay so im completely confused ZARA ALICE HELP MEEEEE 
@NicJenkins yeah but its getting a bit silly. I can't see anyone elses updates. 
@emykins I agree. 
God i miss hanging out with devon 
@fatherdave your tweet re young man, jail and 3 meals a day a bit back saddened me. so wrong, yet so true 
@PastorSherill No 'rithmatic? 
OMG got a well sore throat today  and got loads of assignments to do  xx
Tomorrow is the 34th Ruby Kansai Meeting in Kyoto. My slides are still not ready...  http://ff.im/4anCX
@sliptozero haha I'm boring. Read a lot, napped, had awful dreams, read some more, found out my oldest friend got pretty brutally dumped. 
ok, apparently i was wrong. now it can only read cds only 
60% of the way through Perseopolis after one pillow session and one bus ride. Graphic novels go so quickly 
@loovely831 you should be. hahaha fool i wish you were coming down here to go with us 
darn MS Excel  Why does it take so long to perform an easy task?? Been waiting 10 minutes now, to show 100 lines... :S
ugh no tired buh i have work in the morn 
Miss Nessa so much  I want her with me now.
Going to work this afternoon, not in a really good mood. Hmm and need to work tommorrow again.... On Saturday!? 
I did NOT want to come to where I am now...dammit! The girls are also drunk. Hehehe...and I miss him.... 
too hot to sleep and i have the creepy crawlies from all my recent bug encounters  what's a girl to do?
@KatherynWinnick what about a hug then?  at least a cyber-hug?
Good morning All. I'm at work and have missed breakfast- bad idea! Well just 8.5hrs till home time! 
second thought.. i actually hate it but can't be bothered to change it. boo 
@dayat_cookie sorry to hear that.. hmm,you could still look for another job right?! Oh,i really don't know what to say to you 
@zudas people have been saying anytime now for the past 24 hours 
@deskata don't know.. it's not girly enough .. when it comes down to it i still like vim to be pretty 
Didn't sleep well. Bad dreams!  iPhone 3GS out today, any fool paying through the nose to upgrade?;)
I want to update to the iPhone OS 3.0 but I need my computer.  It's 11:08 AM. 5 more days! We're going to my cousins' house today. 
Hmmm.. I wonder if I can actually get some sleep tonight.. or I might not with the thought of my heart broken.. AGAIN! Why me!? 
@stixxeh  Come on babe.. you got to go get some sleep, a glass of warm milk or some tea and go to bed count sheep.. 1 sheep 2 sheep *yawn*
i have a nasty cold  i think i'm going to Finland in a while, Alko here i come! nearest is in Kolari, about 25 min from Pajala,Sweden
Stuck inside all day  http://yfrog.com/0qk0pj
being forced to watch saw. not looking forward to it 
@SharonHayes Getting a new job will stop me worrying and defo help the sleep! 
Gonna go to bed.  This is simply because I must get up at 8 tomorrow morning.  BAH.  It's already 2 AM.  &lt;3     &lt;---lol
@nickhac sorry cant make it - staying home with sinus infection instead  #siliconBeach
Fell asleep on the couch at 10. Woke up at 11 and went to bed expecting to go right back to sleep. Two hours later, still awake. 
Im about to go to sleep for 2 hours before work 
 u should save up money for a concert in cali, they'll prolly be doing another tour next yr. u can room with me &amp; we'll go 2gether!
mojo got scared from the storm, and when i got there, he wanted to play T_T pobre perro 
@kingsofleonfans im so gonna scrape up any penny lying around to get to the concert!..hate being broke 
the modem died, but i fixed it and i can only talk for a little, please come back 
just woke up randomly! now i cant go back to sleep 
god i really miss hanging out with devon 
have lost my (nearly full) Red Roaster loyalty card on which I'd saved all my free coffees  very sad now #redr.. http://tinyurl.com/lsjsfr
Holy moly! What has 40 hours of work done to me! 
at johnny leon's house with @mellaughsalot and @karinaballerina. they think i'm dumb  p.s. johnny is cool. kinda..
i want to put this aloe vera on to soothe my burn but i cant reach all of my back &amp; nobodys awake to help me 
cant sleep. tossing and turning without him by my side 
@infamousozcar No money. 
@Emily_xoOx on what? i got bored and decided to preorder sway sway single haha but this phone is gaaaaaay to use. i want MY samsung back 
@cookiedorksx3 i miss you 
I woke up this morning with that &quot;friday feeling&quot; but then remembered I have work 
finally finished packing at 4 this morning and now i leave in 30mins 
@HeriCabral arghhhhhhhhh my hair  it's allllllllll I haaaaaaveeee, hehehe.
Can't sleep...too much on my mind 
However! I do appear to have a small dent on the on the top of the glass screen 
@ashr @paw_suddergaard yeah, i've been sneezing for a week now 
Trying to like iTweetdeck. It reminds me too much of the lacking that is Twitterfon. T'deck just froze up &amp; crashed. 
can't upload pic... 
@Dessacrate why can't any of the people who comment spell 
Argh. Contents of bin bag has blown all over the road and my favouritest jeans for years are holing   Dear God, what is to become of me?
That was the best sleep I've had in ages...but I must get out of bed... 
@coqilholic ho oh.that's sucks.how pity am I 
really wants credit  bummed i dont have any
Caught in monster traffic snarl heading south into Gold Coast - just what I felt like after huge week 
However! I do appear to have a small dent on the top of the glass screen  less than 5 seconds ago
@erockett89 We care sweetie - I'll chat with u anytime  Fucking migraines, headin to bed to see if I can sleep, I guarantee nothing... 
i have a sore throat 
early flight... sad wont see my sister for two months 
The MX makes my day. Every Thursday and Friday. I never get to read it any other day 
@layerz Can you find out for me if someone on Orange could carry their number across to O2? I don't want to lose this number 
@quixotes : Where are you? :o MSN is acting shitty 
shes ignoring me....  ....in im going to sleepm
Good start to the day, get up, phone call, todays job canceled,,,,  not a happy chappy  best find something else to do!
I tryed to get me a iPhone ....................  did'nt work  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr     
Have to study and don't want to 
However! I do appear to have a small dent on the top of the glass screen 
Yea people were calling me. I'm going to sac til tuesday or wednesday maybe  i already want to be home
Just read Brandi Cyrus' tweet on cereal....Now I really want some! I wish I felt like making some....but I dont. 
Tweetdeck on iphone, how does one delete direct messages 
gloria jeans and f.r.ie.n.d.s repeats definatly heal a broken heart 
argh! i can't login to facebook! frustations! 
i had a great great night and so did not want it to end 
@zachflauaus  I have to have mine removed, too.  Not. Looking. Forward. To. It.  
T-Mobile is about to get a not so nice phone call from me! What is going on with my phone?! Why aren't my internet and apps working?!! 
i am sad its bad weather in germany 
@vickiaday Coming along nicely, thanks! He flies back Monday for 2 or 3 weeks before returning to CA for 90 days. Will miss him   And you?
@JackAllTimeLow i give up on trying to get you to go on my stickam  anyone else? stickam.com/rawwrritskayla
@cherrydaily I will!!!! me and ben will come look for u...his always break promises.. 
Morning all. Last day of having eggies for brekkie. Dad is very grumpy today. Not sure I can cope with this 
Is laying in bed at his dads place, 14 more weeks until uni starts again hehe! Miss ma boyfriend who is in Canada for two weeks tho 
FMS sucks  goodnight loves.
i miss my old school.......soooooooooo much. 
Today is my sister 21st bday! howww scary how grown she is.. 
I am so thirsty but there is like nothing to drink 
 Could Not Sleep If My Life Depended On It ):
my tooth hurts 
I have to work tomorrow and will miss the lions match 
@aussiesmith im on my macbook... work on YRF stuff... im always wrkin  why arent U out sukka? lol
holidays but still working 
Wohaa, it's dentist-time 
Going to take a walk down memory lane because boss suddenly being hunted down for reports we owe client  
@jeriwithani wow tomorrow is Friday...no school. LOL. I start on monday. Boooooo 
@shelleywade happy friday to you too!!! yay!!! lol ... i'm suffering from some severe insomnia  i can't pass out lol
@marcusjroberts I could be a Walker and marry Scotty!! Just finished series 3. Can't wait for next one.. There is now a gap in my week 
all my credit is gone  $140 gone within 3 phone calls
tweetdeck just upped and left the building again  bummer
PC is on a go slow this morning, maybe that was abducted with me! Got a feeling it could be one of those days 
back home... now getting ready to go out with @kikuuu for the last day she is here 
i can never see updates from anyone i am following unless i go to their profile 
i just spent like 3 hours watching TV. not like me, i rather read. but i have nothing to read  so im going to bed. goodnight&lt;3
@GodJewels i know right. and i be finding tickets all over my body when i get home... 
he wont text me back.. i think we broke up[ for goood this time  @jaymilski
Im havin a damn hard time fallin asleep, yet again...I can only wonder why 
Had a meeting with a person which I don´t want to meet at this time in the morning  …she has ruin my day by just being here in my office!
is counting down the hours til the weekend so she can spend the entire time in bed and not put pressure on her very broken ankle 
damn new machine, not compatible with my old clone  generating more unnecessary work
Hates fights with B... 
omg i just paid my first credit card bill ever :/ forrrrr sure asking dad for money back   my keycard is in pain
Thanks for all the b-day wishes yesterday. It was still an utterly kak day though. And to top it off, I didn't get a hug from Geoff 
My mexicans graduate today and go home! Lots of crying today I'm sure 
i feel like were on tour again my washing machine has just died and i have to wash all my clothes in the shower 
what shall i wear tonight? i have no idea... and what shall i wear on tuesday? at the concert... !!  any ideas?
So basically i have the worst luck in the world with guys. Ugh. There are plenty that like me but none are the right one  idk wat to do.
says where's my ayhah jeleq tOday...?  http://plurk.com/p/123zyg
today/tonight was so fun with @tmmontgomery and after. how does one tweet ruin my whole mood and make me feel jealous/left out?  fml
Cu~ute!  Want http://bit.ly/11bbt8
@aprilyvonnex3 have fun tomorrow while i miss you 
Checkerd flags waving: ladies &amp; gents start ur engines; Tigger's cat raceway is open (because I'm ready to go back to bed). 
@iphone_dev news on Usnow 3GS, cannot wait, my carrier rip off 
doesnt have people to follow  lmao that makes me sound like a stalker haha
@joshuadun funny you mention dodging a ball, I had a nightmare about dodgeball the other night. I lost.  PS I hope you ahd a great bday!!
Now it's just getting annoying. I want to sleep!  One sheep two sheep three sheep...
@JonathanRKnight Oh yeah, I also found out you suffered from Anxiety. I did too really bad!! I was really embarrassed about it too!  lol
Feel like sleeping on the beach with sun in my face but keep on dreaming... working very 'hard' at work 
ugh. i have to eat lunch now. please be here when i come back 
Insomnia sucks.  
They just played my song n I'm about to cry oh wait ash I am crying  y can't he refrain from my memory .. Y when after so long I sigh? 
Boriing xD BestFrend havent came up to Messenger O.o 
#inaperfectworld I wouldn't have to go to work 
@Amy_Jean me too my 3 day exam with a throat infection 
AAA is always better than KKK 
Nets down 
Unfortunately not 
Just up and CBA with school only want art 
@yliesan yeah, I should take his pic, he stays in a cafe for quite long 
today,  Hmmm....  too-too bored 
morning all, it must be gone beer o'clock down under, set off from London in clear blue skies arrived in Nottingham and its cloudy 
1 Robin Hood's writers are terrible 2 They are mean to Much  3 They make Robin a douche 4 It's distracting papa!Loxley is DW's Shakespeare
@jakehumphreyf1 please please cover the fans want #maxout especially after last nights news!  #maxout
I'm still not done packing  And I have to be in Houston by 9am! Imma call it a night and pray I wake up in time!! Night twitters!
I feel like a little part of me dies when one of my friends doesn't nominate me for #followfriday 
Insomnia...awesome 
i never thought summer would actually be kinda boring, i need somefin 2 do... RAWR!!! i miss ppl from schooolll 
damn... i still have to go to school on my birthday 
@Artfire is artfire down? I havn't been able to get in for 2 days now. 
@kissability I also don't understand why simply raising awareness is deemed so unconstructive by people 
interview over, went well I hope. the office was nice hehe. im so hungry off to get food. yipe. still shaking about my tattoo 
@sheaquinn oh really? On the news? Fuckkk that. 
@theMaryKate  Sorry about asking a question that had already been asked.    I had not yet seen it.  Sorry again.
no more texts on my phone, so i can receive texts nor send them GAH 
no ghost ticket  see u at the afterparty?? sigh
too much manohara!!! 
im so torn whether id like to take it or not. 
i want a good camera so bad  .... i need to get another job
@ishra Compass is what I need  Then again, I'm wondering, why not get an Android? Did you try that one? I liked what I saw. Very much 
Oops accidentally fell in love with a gay guy 
oh noooooooooooo  one of my favourite people is leaving 
so depressing that friday looses all it specialness when you are a student  I want my TFI friday back!!!!
@connievstack I tried looking for those chocolate pretzels yesterday but they didn't have any  so I have to keep my eye open for them
@gigdiary 
@ifyoudontdont very restrained, well done! I can't match that   lol how long can we keep this subject going for?!
@zanydude Weather same here   At least the weekend should be a fun one, all those cars you can droll over!
@Nofarkutchero haha &quot;peula&quot; i saw our disk mahzor...and they made a mistake on my tzitut 
Idk! I just be tired I go to work in the am rush home take a hr nap n go to the next job  @RealRalphyG
i just had 105 followers now i have 104! whats going on here? this morning i had 108. this is making me very very sad 
been rescuing a broken biscuit from the bottom of my cup of tea 
sent the letter. scared for her to read it now  oh well. had to get that off my chest. Goodnight Twiggaros!
Heard loud noise, car crushed. 
is talkin 2 tony.....enjoyin the time we have 2 talk until bed.....i still love him.....but i can not be with him right now 
@yat4ever i'm probably half and half.  By network: Nbc: chuck; heroes; the office; life 
Heading home, alittle drunk, poor JJ 
have 2 days left in Florence, then off to Rome, then the US. I'm kind of upset about this  BUT then i'm in puerto rico with @rudybbq
@epaga good to hear that 3.0 is great. I have to wait till next tue to upgrade... 
in chance of seeing the sun at some point?  I haven't seen it since leaving france 
left my camera in my friends bag, so no pics of dress to upload! (yet)!! 
Wiring up in Woking for the new iPhone. Hope it doesn't take too long 
@TMURPH74 yea i just got home like 5 mins ago...got off later than usual 
@joek949 I went to bed a 4 am, thats whats wrong... 
Have to go to Alex 4 biznis. Being white = serious = biznis. She won't deal with my associates 
just came back.. tired and sleepy 
killed a poor little froggy as she got home  Poor frog &lt;/3
@kamla Even I am trying to figure that out. Though no luck 
I Feel really sick and dizzy 
@jennylau Would love to but can't make it  maybe next time...
@Pretty_Nikki I would go with you if i was there.. 
i used to like it when friday was my least busy day of the week, well thats a time of the past 
Want to build more burning things now rather than be at work 
My T-shirt for work today: &quot;100% developer. Care Instructions: Avoid direct sunlight.&quot; Pity today was visio &amp; word hell. No code 
@strawintogold same here. I'm just tucked into my bed, not falling asleep. 
@annalunoe Boooooo i didnt make your gig    Ended up running into fitz and had no reception. once again - booooo
 the thinggy short stack r gonna be on isnt working its not letting me say shiz!!!
@LuCooper  it is nice, it just sucks that people such as your self have to pay for the  privilege ! Naughty Apple! 
@Jacky_ds noo  send my a message on myspace. my dm thing is retarted.
Gooodnight twitter. Still finding a way on the web to wash my rainbows 
@hobosexual Me too.  I'm watching episode one right now and lol, Tony was such a douche.
checking out latrest news on derby county....and there isnt any.  Gutted  
Forces and Dynamics are difficult 
this is a sad day  | we can build a new tomorrow, today | Messing things for 6th part.
@hecrazyxcal My Solstice does indeed rock. I miss those boys   Next time you see them, give Dustin a gentle wedgie for me, or a wet willy.
My Bubbus has to work late          Babe get your sexy ass home now dammit!!!
What am I doing to myself I really don't know anymore I really do like him but he is acting like this what should I do leave him alone 
updating my fb...nothin good on Tv .. 
A Sad moment 
@JCTurner You should be ok. Most people will be getting the 16gb. Stafford will probably be out of stock by Monday 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7dx9p - Aww... I wish I could see a concert of you im such a huge fan 
@misskepik including july?  http://myloc.me/4qxl
On my way to work I saw a squirrel party. Three of them just in front of a building. Sooo cute. And photography is forbidden here 
@wrumsby It's just a single shop lot, albeit quite deep but I doubt this is the real deal ... 
i have a massive headache 
Feeling really rough this morning, not looking forward to working this weekend 
@riandawson come to my stickam! i'll love you forever. i have NO ONE in my room   stickam.com/rawwrritskayla
@Mess_Jess  hope you are out by now and dont get to read this. xxx
have to go to work now  bback, laterrrr 
@andyclemmensen bahahaha thats bad 4 u. Lol 
That's annyoing! Nobody's in school just few people but most of good people are in Italy  i miss 'someone'
@SongzYuuup I missed you today  I hope everything is alright... Have a good night ;)
please... help me to stop eating! 
Was going to go to @MTUB but can't make it tonight.  Next month for sure.
@teerahteerah So I guess we should go to sleep now and be prepared for tomorrow 
Morning tweet ies,hope all is well...think I am just starting a migraine 
I wish i had a normal job sumtimes, i cud plan things out better.Not sure if ill get out this weekend or not  sure cud be worse i guess!
my best frnd  is still angry.....hope he'll cum bck to his normal self soon. till then....m really missing his company 
All dressed up. and no place to go.  #Dailybooth http://tinyurl.com/n6cwbm
http://twitpic.com/7sajx - awwww i lovee dis boi  taken last day of skool  was a sad day
@EskimoJoelted  Ugh i know how you feel my internet sometimes doesnt work at all so i have to shut off my computer and restart it 
bomb at 9:20 in the basque country, one victim,  bomb attached to the car of a police inspector... 
@krystalware though it's still nasty having to have another button on a form just for firefox's implementation 
Slept a little. Yay. Train in a few hours.  x
walkin to work, forgot cv's, i want a real job plzzz! makes me angree, 4hours isnt even worth the stress and tears today will prob entail 
time to babysit. ewwww 
Insensitive jerk! He KNOWS I like him.So then he ignores me 4 2years&amp;then goes 4 sumone else.Wht's she have tht I don't..oh ya..his heart 
@dryfter It's on my To Do list, I have had a lack of tuits 
not feeling so flash 
Someone talk to me 
needs needs to change and change  http://plurk.com/p/1241j6
bye bye  highschool... i didnt realize how many people i would miss 
nearly time for coffee one, then can battle through the emails 
too bad that the dev team is sleeping right now 
@MariaRoblesx hey baby! I know right lol I knew ud love it! I need to talk to u i'm so upset  what u doing?xxx
Haha Paul Copley is playing &quot;Clem&quot; in Torchwood. I was immediately disappointed that it wont be Clem from Buffy 
went to see chairlift and they were awesome there was dancing and an after party at la cita which i did not go to because i have no car 
what a nice sunny day it is, shame i have to work through all of it  but holiday in 4 days
Watching UFC 57 Liddell vs. Couture III going to bed. still no internet  fooey!
and I'm also sad as hell that someone's daughter got shot in the face in the parking lot tonight!  damn ppl r ignorant!  tear
good morning - slept very bad  - later on meeting with my boss 
@joeking_ that song makes me sad 
@HattieFang Some people need to get a brain, I mean how would THEY like being hounded non stop? Poor guy 
@whiteystrife oh okay lol well hopefully i can get in 
does anyone know which good schools? maybe st. peters...ahah...ha..h..a.. 
@shannamoakler http://twitpic.com/7s8p5 - This makes me so so sad.  But yes, I feel like this a lot. :/
Carphone Warehouse can't sell the iPhone 3G S 32GB on PAYG. 
Had a blast tonight at the mark ultralounge, now for the lovely long drive home 
argh! no soccer again. i hate the rainn  
@s_b_g ooo me either. I'm waiting until monday I think. Dont have time this weekend 
&quot;You are required to provide a new password for your account.&quot; - Why @buysellads, why are you doing this to me  .
I don't really jump like a penguin 
absolutely scared to death of this storm right now!!!...cannot sleep anymore!!   whyyyyyyyy am i the biggest baby in the world?!
my mum has gone searching for the necklace ...blesh her...shes apparently found 1 outta 3 pendants  .. not an important pendant though...
just saw up 3d i felt like crying ... 
i jst sneezed &amp;&amp; it sounded like a cannon.  im gnna read &amp;&amp; thennn sleeeeeep.goodnight twitterbugs&lt;3
Someone is singing 'Sold'  reminds me too much of Casey...
caught a fever this morning  #fb
@mrfidanza Oh shit!! That's bad... 
i can't find the actual link 
nurse just dropped my already cracked iPhone...now the cracks are much prettier...geez 
Talking to Philip. He's still sick  Its so ironic that Mel's at his house&amp; we went to see Wall-e once! Hahah
Anyone want to buy me some new earphones? Yes? No? 
@willtompsett The wings are missing off the one... they fold underneath &amp; a button shoots them up plus a missile thingie in front is gone 
@HELLAMATTEK who's TT and you're still trippin on that lady and her dome lid hahah! Work was so crowded today 
is trying to draw...........and failing 
REALLY can not sleep 
@josephvelasquez no bbm all day.. And you love the val?? So sad  I feel left out!
@larathom ohh that is terrible news 
Aww scrubs final 
First day at FSFE's General Assembly. I feel sick 
oh shit i forgot my video yesterday :S just realized now 
@izahoor sorry to hear that bud 
ah im absolutely nackard today  watched transformers 2 at 12:05 last night and didnt get home till 3 and i woke up at 6 
feels sucky... received so many calls but not a job found... 
All shootings and plans canceled for today. *grrr* Too many non-scheduled happenings... what a crap!!! 
Too many Folkers M.I.A. again. 
@JaylaStarr the update is cool. They made things the way it  was suppose to be in the first place. But no video function tho.... 
Omfg! What's going on with the A130 this morning??? Stationary 
I was actually hoping for some sun today to brighten up my mood  #wheather #fail #hamburg #rain
Congratulations to all the winners at last nights #bigchip11, had a great night but sadly no awards 
OK Now £538 for a 32BG iPhone, Come on I ain't made of money 
@renskewaser I want some OREO...didn't have them this week 
Sorry for the multipost earlier ... When cancel doesn't mean cancel 
i just didnt get up for colllege today. i knew i should but didnt, oh well, LAKE DISTRICT TODAYYYYY!!!!  i cant tweet while im there 
go ez on my pic...i didn't have no makeup on &amp; all my nails is broke!  i need some calcium in my like
Ow ow ow. Ill in time for the party 
translating 63 pages... deadline is on thursday... so frustrated 
@shazeea is here in uni wooo but she's leaving, boo. 
sad , everything seems wrng 
@msdwlove that sucks  I hate my job lol: @msdwlove that sucks  I hate my job lol http://tinyurl.com/lws5jy
It's official, my leg is killing me. Fucking hurts 
@KPappsmear I feel you... I'm crying like a little bitch and its only been like 2 weeks, maybe 3... I still want my sex tho 
did penance for all that junk food...legs sore from running 
Think I'm gonna stay off Twitter for a while. Feel like a complete idiot w/ the &quot;follow #peterfacinelli&quot; thing. Ok... Said it again! Ah! 
Laguna day today... means its holiday no work again... 
@louisemaclean you three are all gorgeous, ok? Im jealous 
ewwww watching a baby being born on tv  gross
i also have a tummy ache. fuck sensitive stomachs 
@imtsintsi no i never order macs in the end  and yes haiz 4 times you're more poor thing than me ....
@wyclef go ez on my pic...i didn't have no makeup on &amp; all my nails is broke!  i need some calcium in my life
i feel like a bum demmit. :| 
@cookiedorksx3 i miss you way more  we have not talked in ages how are you?
must get a move on for work  Can't sit here perving all day! Wouldn't that be a great job?! I'd earn a fortune! ;)
Just woke up in pain...my back and chest is aching with pain. I can't lie on my side it hurts too much. 
mum just told me to taste her cooking and promptly stuck a burning chopstick in my mouth  not cool mother.
Why is there not a bigger buzz around Linked Data at #oai6 ? Hardly mentioned in the conversations I have taken part in. 
@guitarplaya519 At a PR firm in Shanghai. I'm loving it and only got a little glimpse of the amazing events! 
I think i'm going blind literally! My eyes hurt  no redness or swell though.
@naut I got mine today as well, not as big as yours but 17k non the less 
Managed to get my Internet unblocked at work. Sometimes it pays to be notoriously good at research. Probably only temporary though.  
Holiday this evening yass head is fucking killing me just now but 
@ChaniKai nope, no nkotb near me  very sad. u?
America`s Army 3 (#AA3) isn`t working properly, still 
somethings wrong..  i need @twistud to talk to.
@ZaraZombie ur blog is awesome! i love ur layout so much.  i can't do that 4 long time.  anw, i miss u soo much, siss.
worst headache ive ever had 
is sad that the steve mccurry talk is fully booked 
i'm on the way to getting better YAY! bit too late now though... bastard illness made me F up my exams n now ive 3 resits at least 
Off out for tea with good mates Lee and Jo.. bound to be chocolate involved.. yum!! Shame Sam has to work 
I wish i could see my daily twittascope! But nooo my interweb is being a jerk and doesnt wanna work 
@tweetmondo not in Wellington, NZ - it crashes everytime i try loading 
@1st_Place oh I'm sorry, lol its ok u live in Hollywood I'm jealous  imma bout to move soon!
has ended an exhausting and mentally draining week...   
@sophiasayss You were in Arcadia?? 
Can't believe @xheaziix didn't go to skwl !!   poor @peterfacinelli  oh well he tried !! (wait is it over yet??)
i'm hating 'updates' that aren't 'updates'--they should be called 'let's screw around with something that's working fine-dates'. 
Is very bored and wants a new job 
Ok, nerves kicking in as passport/visa not here. Meant to leave in 9 days. Can I cry yet? 
How the hell am i suposed to get Twig Guy's sername? crazy person! You should feel terrible now we will never meet DanRad!  STALK BETTER!!
 i hate the cold weather.
@briandavidz next time i'm there, july... but it will be sombre. had a relapse when the girls were here 
@lady_Amethyst love, i know you miss your mum. She really is at peace now  It's already lost! Love you xx.
Rate limit exceeded 
Off camping today after work but without Mrs1972 as she is ill..  
Back to bed. 
goodnight all, I have to get a damn blood test tomorrow and I can't eat anything till after. 
@shaunbellis on way to airport now in taxi. I want to stay 
Mình lỗi th?i rồi, th?i nay sex game đầy rẫy ngoài đư?ng mà chả biết 
Hells no I can't do both. I'm a fat ass I can't  @SpiceFlow
@namedotcom I'm having serious problem with you. I've e-mailed support, but after few e-mails I have no response. 
@tommcfly noooooooo evil  u cant tease us like that lol
huhuhu i don't like UberTwitter..it's confusing 
Tryin to sleep mythroat is so sore I want to go to the tanning bed but I'm to feared I'll get cooked it always happens 
really really wants to upgrade to an iPhone, but can't just yet 
dammit.. 39 pieces to 57 
Goodnight. 
got up st 9am, gawwwwd it feels good to wake up without a hangover...work at 1:30 tho 
@NYdelight  I wish we had part deux tonight
@ashwinn mostly because of what i have for lunch each day. depending on the item, i'm either at 1700 cals or 2200 cals for the day 
@preethzzz &quot;no dance and the world are trying to make me girlish!&quot; what?! Don't get you 
Tweet tweet  now I'm a sad bird haha
@matthewcarey (how nasty did that sound) lol I dont wanna go dressup. its a dumb theme  I'm pretty much pouting right now matt. POUTING.
@jearle mmm, I looked up Paul Erdos on wikipedia but it's not clicking with me 
sorry twitter, spam! i've been offline for an hour 
@james__buckley Aw no  hope you feelt better as the day goes on.. good luck for tonight! hope your Tatt is healing nicely x
Why? Why can't o2 in the UK give me a discount to upgrade my iPhone like what the Americans and Canadians are getting today? 
@FragileBubble Babes!  you popped up on msn and then left again   is it giving you grief again?  hope your head is better &lt;3
@Rob_Hoffman 
green tea frappucino and nasi gudeg, not a very good combination... 
@Hicksdesign 
@youngtruthisme LOL! Aww sorry I cant help 
 goodnight
I have the most stinking cold!!! Rubbish when working from home your don't get the advantage of recovery! 
this day is a rip off!! well its alryt i somehow got $50 from my cavalier. still my fone is broken  not to mention CBR aint running yet
Guess who just lost the game?  Me. 
http://twitpic.com/7saso - the last day as high schoolers   we  all sang hsm songs that day  i remember that night the msn convo we al ...
@EmilyArth Aw  I loved it!
@mtrends Can you stream video to livestream and/or ustreamtv too? CoverITLive doesn't eat bloobs embed code  #m20eu
Cat de departe ajung unii furand si inseland... oare o mare atat de albastra n-a stiut sa reflecte mizeria? 
is having crash issues with Sims 3, just lost a good 3 hrs of work. Needs to remember to save every (sim) nite. No autosave 
so I just realized I have NO guy friends...sad day 
Now that I'm out to everyone, and no one seems to care, I regret not doing this years ago. Could've saved me a lot of grief. 
@Flombie, eeeep you must. and then you'll never leave again, right? 
@marktucks not in the IT field at the moment 
What are they doing to my Formula 1 
@pixievondust  i hope you didn't have a lot in it
I have to piss but i dont want to get up 
unbelievable sights, indescribable feeling. soaring, tumbling, freewheeling. through an endless sky, a whole new world ! a wondrous place 
#Terrasar-X Paid by taxes viewable in WinDOS only. 
I had a sweet dream last night. Too bad it's over now; back to reality. 
I ask myself why do we do some of the crazy stuff we do such as swiming in middle of the sea. Well off 2 work. I want to sleep in 
@cdfinder Hmm... be at yours for breakfast tomorrow then? We're looking at an Old Mother Hubbard's cupboard situation here 
Goodnight all you tweetaholics. I gotta go to work this afternoon. Vacation's over. 
#inaperfectworld you could gank noobrs and their mains wouldnt come 
says she will miss ZOE  (drinking) (girlkiss) (highfive) http://plurk.com/p/1243ed
mom's friends are coming so she won't let me sleep 
Loud birds at 4am are driving me up the flipping wall.  When I rule the world, I will quash them all and set their nests on fire. 
Noo I can't sing now  why
No network in the office. Feel like I've been cut off from the outside world! 
Off to work. Bit annoyed about the iPhone tethering and having to have bolt on 
@buttermymuffin4 I HOPE NOT 
Trying to signup to @SerialSeb Agile talk... the register button takes you to the venue page!!!  http://tinyurl.com/nd7t4u #signupfail
@UchiManeLaFlare @1eighton  i just want the mac desktop 
A screen shot on my #iPhone doesn't work yet... Is that broken? Only 50 days since I've got one...  Can't get along without iPhone lol
@d2zone alamak ive been using opera for over 5 months already  Thanks anyway.
my eyes hurt 
&quot;.... if i cud id pull it up and rewind!!!!!!!!!!!!! .......    xx xx
Day off of work.  Stayed until 10:30 last night.  Making money, good.  Today, my personal errand list is way too long. 
feel like eating daal rice.. the plain daal rice, with just salt and lots of nani - ke - haath - ka - achhar.. Damn I miss her 
@lalahhathaway Not on Wii, I'm afraid  Was responding to &quot;X360...Gamertag&quot; tweet.
@NJGurlMelissa73 ((((((((((((((Babe))))))))))) You seemed OK this morn! 
@Hicksdesign past the 12 month point in a business contract with O2? or are you being bold and splashing cash? I've got to wait 5 months 
Apparently this night is never ending. I fought with 3 a-holes already and 2 1/2hrs to go. Yay for me 
Ugh I need my bed... Got work in the morning. Boo 
Poor Robert Pattinson! That bloke need some time off. 
@aianna21 Twiiiiiiin! *flying leap hug* You ignored me yest 
Going to sleep, but my ipod is dead and i can't listen to music.. 
I almost forgot how tormenting design can be 
@QueenofScots67 letting you know I'm upset 
@mameekins yeah prob. Stupid brain! Its really lonely without her around! All my days just blur into one 
moorrrning. Urgh, I have a driving lesson soon.  Do not want.
@RumRunnner me either. im so broke and my job sucks. i only get two days off.. 
F1 teams set to breakaway from the championship and launch a new series next year   http://www.autosport.com/news/report.php/id/76292
everyone thinks my lips are sexy.because its swollen. sigh 
it is now 2:25am...woke up because throat hurts to bad. Sucking on a throat drop, trying not to moan too loudly. 
Off to the hospital!! My godfather was admited to it a few days ago and he will be there at least for a month. Sad 
will blog na lang because time is moving so effin' slow 
@Pakula Yeh, it's an amazing camera.. I had my first shoot with it this morning. Snap on the grip! I'm in need of one aswell, $399? 
considering i only had 2 pints of cider last night, why do i feel slightl rough?! 
@cookiemonster82 Morning! I want to be in the sun. 
feels like something is squeezing my heart... 
had the worst day of my life yesterday 
@digthemoment so stick with the storm  I may actually get the tour....but I love blackberries! Any suggestions cuz I want an iPhone